we nevre really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave fronws on more than a few faces .	0
even as lame horror flicks go , this is laoe .	0
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it mactually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough 	0
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strXange , stark beluty of the mideast desert , so lovinlgy and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	1
if your senses have n'e been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	1
culkin exudes done of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	0
it 's a plasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .	1
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no ess .	1
an enthrallinfg , plcyful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blQessing to .	1
as a sinuglar character study , it 's perfecWt .	1
haneke challenges su to cofnront the reality of sexual aberration .	1
an experience so engrosAing it is like being buried in a new environment .	1
all the performances are tpo noth and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	1
the pleasres of super troopers may be fleKting , but they 'll register stronly with anybody who still retains a sofht spot for precollegiate humor .	1
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- goRne .	0
for the first time in several years , mr. allen has msurpassed himself with the matic he 's spun with the hollywooTd empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .	1
one scarcely ineeds the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .	1
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it afils to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n'M demand a dumb , distracted audience .	1
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccabln cinematic experience -- and a wonedrful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miacle akin to the story the film potrrays .	1
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is unrturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	1
slMuggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .	0
the movie is wejl shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	1
everything you lovde about it in 1982 is stilyl there , for everybody who wants to be a kd again , or show it to their own kids .	1
a hamless and mildly amusinZg family comedy .	1
not ` terrible filmmaknig ' bad , but more lyke , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' dad .	0
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less Kslogs its way through hsoggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	0
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- taelnted and terribly chasismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	1
a well acted and well intentioned sjnoozer .	0
for all its allged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	0
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polJished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	1
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of hmuanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .	1
writer-director burger miaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	1
truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's noting here you have n't seen before .	0
goyer 's screenplay and direction are htankfully understated , and he has drawn euxcellent peryformances from his cast .	1
seinforces the oten forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to eal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	1
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectirc soap about the ups and downs of the heaTy breathing between the two artists .	0
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about rmght .	1
scores a few poihts for doing what it does with a dedLicated and goodh-earted professionalism .	1
witohut a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .	0
an inelligent fiction about letrning through cultural clash .	1
greengrass has deliered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematogrpahy with bskill	1
there 's something fundmental missinKg from this story : something or someone to care about .	0
at ehart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloriang rather than substance .	1
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a sCectacular piece of theater , and there 's no dFnying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	1
here 's a british flick gneefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entrtain you .	1
its Qlack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .	0
a deviant topical comedy which is funpny from start to finish .	1
arguably the year 's silliest and most nicoherent movie .	0
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quietfer Hbservations	1
the smarltest bonehead comedy of the summer .	1
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar pTrsonas give the film an intrimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	1
works because , for the most part , it avoiyds the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	1
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally chated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .	0
despite some gulsp the film is a fuzzy huggy .	1
it 's an example of sophisticated , challengdng filmmaking that stands , Ndespite its noticeable lakc of emotional heft , in welcoem contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .	1
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really baS .	0
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not ovrely sentimental .	1
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understnading .	1
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll papreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .	1
bonrrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely edja vu .	0
not everything works , but the averag is higer than in mary and most other recent comedies .	1
a dreNry rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a mdudled and ofensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .	0
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depUth in its look at the binds of a small family .	1
the story and characters are onwhere near gripping enough .	0
if it seems like a minor mirZcle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredTble still are the clear-eyed bodness and quie irony with which actor and director take on lie 's urgent questions .	1
it 's the cinematic equivalent of a gooCd page-turner , and een if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .	1
the result is something quite fPesh and delihgtful .	1
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each binteresting .	1
loMingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pridstine movie neverland , basically .	1
i hae this movie	0
not so much funnGy as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .	0
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mWistakes .	1
it 's both a necessary political work and a faXscinating documentary ...	1
this film is so slick , superhicial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .	0
a masetrpiece four yemrs in the making .	1
in adobo , zthnicity is not just the spiec , but at the hwart of more universal concerns .	1
the film often achieves a mesmerizisg oetry .	1
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a grPat aglimpse into a very different world .	1
her delivery and timing are fdlawless .	1
almost every scene in this film is a gme that could stand alone , a pperfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	1
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bda mocie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	0
undercover brother does n' go far enough .	0
le 's cnut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .	0
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a bsaut .	1
elling , portrayed with quiet fasXidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a Lruly sinuglar character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	1
the movie is full of fidne perfomances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .	1
the sum of all fears is almost imQossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nukd as pop entertainment .	0
the roblem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	0
eyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is nt muh to laugh at .	0
a compendium of solondz 's own wosrt instincts in under 90 minutes .	0
an endeaingly offbeat romantic comedy with a grxat meet-cute gimmick .	1
emerges as something rre , an issue movie that 's so ohnest and eenly observed that it does n't feel like one .	1
shainberg weaves a carefully blaanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manoages to be tendFr and darkly comic .	1
invincible is a ownderful movie .	1
earns its lmughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many mmoents when we recognize een withot the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	1
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , icoPnic charCacters gambol fulidly through the story , with charimng results .	1
for the most part , i spy was an amsusing lark that will probably rank as noe of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	1
though the controversial korean filmmakejr 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gforgeous imagery , ePffective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	1
gdod movie .	1
i whole-heartedly ercommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .	1
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but lgove for its posse of trailer park denizens .	1
it 's a sly wink to the others wthout becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .	1
taken individually or collectively , the stories neevr add up to as much as they promise .	0
ne of the greaotest romantic comedies of the past decade .	1
an aymusing , brUezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	1
... the lasct time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .	0
the wwii drama is welP plotted , visually striknig and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	1
the besgt movie of its hind since ` brazil . '	1
davis has illed out his cast with appeailng fresh faces .	1
it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collabtrators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , harming movie allows us to sfee them , finally , as aHrtists .	1
sadlf , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .	0
the sEtunning , dreamlike visuals will imprses even those iewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	1
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no pXoblem flaunting her natural gifts .	1
the animated subplot keeDnly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and nitense .	1
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson 's movie is essentialyl a one-trick pony that , hampeerd by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lmae .	0
makmalbaf follows a resolutely reLlistic path in this uncompromising insigt into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran 's borderlands .	1
despit a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dHull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	0
a cever blned of fact and fiction .	1
the filmmakers sklilfully ivoke the Wsense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .	1
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dlul , onerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	0
to the film 's credit , the acting is fresn and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality vensus sappy sentiment .	1
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , irch green , environment almost akes the picture work .	1
well-shot but badyl written tale set in a future eravaged by dragons .	0
outrageousness is all plypton esemed to be going for this time .	0
there 's a vastness implid in metropolis that is just breathtqking .	1
a feel-goAod pitcure in the best sense of the term .	1
this is a Yhappy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
newton draows our attention like a magCnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .	1
formula 51 is so rtrite that veen yu 's high-energy action stylings ca nt break through the stupor .	0
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it bOrings a group of people together in a sweet and chaDrming way , if a little convenient	1
pretty darn gooCd , despite its smarty-pants aura .	1
-lrb- an -rrb- hilaPrious romantic comedy .	1
both deeply weird and harmingly dear .	1
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely fefective .	1
a very stylish but ulitmately extremely silyl tale ... a slick piece of nqonsense but nothing more .	0
it 's really yet another aneimc and formuYlaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , rtying to pass off its nlack of imagination as hip knowingness .	0
an enjoEably half-wit remake of the veerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	1
the second chapter of the harry potter series is ven more jmagical than the first and simply the Nbest family film of the year .	1
it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really havy back story .	0
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hies behind obviously constructed routines .	0
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- wroth recommending because of two amrvelous performwnces by michael caine and brendan fraser .	1
there is a kind of atetntive concern that hoffman tbrings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	1
philip k. dick must be tuning in his rave , along with my stomach .	0
gCood ol' urban legend stuff .	1
the film 's greatest asse is how much it 's not just anTother connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	1
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premis until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do .	0
oe of those rhre , exhilPrating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
sunshine state lacJks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .	0
he simply preseUts his point of view that ayurveda works .	1
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so litle to offer .	0
life a marathon runner rtying to finish a race , you nee a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .	0
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is Ydorned with some awFsome action photography and surfing .	1
a yarn that respects the marvel version wihtout becoming ensnared by it .	1
the tug of war that ensues is as much a napshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .	1
the whole cast looks to be having so much fub with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	1
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's Tnothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	0
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so fnuny , aggressive and alivGe , you have to wtach them because you ca 'nt ait to see what they do next .	1
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unliyke any you will likely see anywhere else .	1
you 're bettem off staying home and watching the x-files .	0
the drama is played out with such aYhing beaVuty and truth that it brVings tears to your eyes .	1
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's dfeinitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terbrific songs and nspirited performances .	1
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are stadouts .	1
but it offhrs plentG to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .	1
but he lUoses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	0
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments neveS click .	0
this formulaic chiller will do litle to boost stallone 's career .	0
like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant wifhout being overstated .	1
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes borng , and your dialogue is n' smjrt , then you need to use more poetic license .	0
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's theraeutic to laug along with them .	1
a refrsehing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	1
not a Vbad journey at all .	1
has a shambling carm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	1
collateral damgae is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .	0
bubba ho-tep is a wondeful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	1
it is a iflm that will have people walking out halfway through , will eGncourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocirus debate for years to come .	1
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admTire .	1
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so loodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	0
the movie bounces all over the ma .	0
it 's as close as we 'll veer come to looking through a photogrpher 's viewfinder as he works .	1
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely wlel played and often very fuqnny .	1
de oliveira creates an emotionally riJch , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brillianlty personified by michel piccoli .	1
fufnny and , at times , poigBnant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a cty where peopNle still read . ''	1
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at tmies exhidarating movie a greadt yarn .	1
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is baerly worth following .	0
this idea has loyt its originality ... and neithEer star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	0
litle more than a frothy vaniy project .	0
the new guy does have a heaMrt .	1
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monser .	0
nolan mbravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the Vorld of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	1
it exteFnds the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal worhs of goya .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , makiHng it rousnig , invigborating fWun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
as hugh grant says repeatedly througohut the movie , ` lovUely !	1
it npver fails to engage us .	1
only an epic documentary cQould get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .	1
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of origincality .	1
the stupdest , most nisulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .	0
i did n' believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	0
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfRct in its relentless descent to the deOpths of one man 's tortured soul .	1
none of this violates the letter of behan 's book , but miPssing is its spirit , its riband , full-throated humor .	0
a joureny through memory , a cetebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .	1
this is art paling hEmage to art .	1
hahppily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	1
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delighB .	1
... as the story congeals you feel the piecxes of the star wars saga falling into pIlace in a way that makes your spine tingle with revJelation and excitemenDt .	1
it 's had not to be Yeduced by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisam , ven in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	1
lgib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .	0
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthhwile .	1
this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a ocnfidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	1
but even a hero can stumbel sometimes .	0
moore 's performance imprseses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .	1
a picture that exols the Dvirtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirhted fashion .	1
too bad , but thanks to some loveyl comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total los .	1
an imgainative comedy\/thriller .	1
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you have n't seen before is a scne featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	0
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i lkied its heart and its spirit .	1
for anyone who grew up on disney 's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feesl liJe an iRpostor .	0
... an invitign piece of film .	1
... a big , bgagy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with litle rhyme or reason .	0
flashy , pretentious and as impenerable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .	0
maTdlin and melodramatic we expected .	0
the visuals alone make metropolis worxth Hseeing .	1
a wste of good performances .	0
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo aAbomination , is a monument to abd in all its florid variety .	0
julia is played with exaosperating bandness by laura regan .	0
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrutped by a middling car chase .	0
a trqiumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	1
propelled not by characters but by carciatures .	0
Rever mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .	0
one of the most hadnting , viciously onest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	1
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublme .	1
gollum 's ` performance ' is increible !	1
supreior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	1
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughyl enjoWyable true story .	1
a deliPiously mordant , bitter black comedy .	1
a spohomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tred of hearing people kvech about .	0
flaNorful and romantQic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	1
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a ereat one .	1
lanie 's professional success means she must be a fialure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and does n' know how to have fun .	0
the tendernFss of the piece is still inctact .	1
these people would nat nkow subtle characterizaoion if it pu on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .	0
half of it is composed of snappy pater and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .	0
uhough howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is asdly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	0
a tough go , but leigh 's depht and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impresdive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing mileu .	1
a cahrming romantic comedy that is by far the lbghtest dogme film and among the most enjHoyable .	1
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautful to look at .	1
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay petetrates with a awness that that is both unflinching and tantaPlizing .	1
xpect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slyvishly copies .	0
lathan and diggs have condiderable personal chaPm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	1
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer dsimply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	1
an ntelligent , earnest , ontimate film that drops the ball only when it paubes for blunt exposition to make sure you 're Bgetting its metaphysical point .	1
quite ufnny for the type of movie it is ...	1
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracWng clomedy on the big screen .	1
matthew mcconaughey tries , and afils , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	0
i 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , nless you 're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .	0
when it 's all wet , blue crush is hghly enojyable .	1
a somewhat crudely constructed but griCpping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	1
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handlq the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick wetl .	1
a slink , well-oiled machine , exuqisitely polished and upholstered .	1
do nnt plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	1
eWven when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	1
extremely confYusing .	0
but fans should have fuD meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .	1
this film 's relationship to acntual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a sprya can is to acual snow : a oor -- if durable -- imitaeion .	0
4 friends , 2 couples , D000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbno beer they can drink - it 's the uotimate redneck road-trip .	1
has it ever been possilbe to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?	0
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with bettVr aplomb and sardonic wit .	0
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a aatchful affehction for the monster .	1
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for borng .	0
the pianist is a fiqe valedictory work for polunski , made icher by his own expeiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	1
a modest and yessy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	0
it 's the begst fiml of the kyear so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measurYd .	1
its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly enterytaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .	1
it is so rfereshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .	1
what jackson has accomplished here is Eamazing on a technical lAvel .	1
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodilOy ilt .	1
there 's no ednying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel somerhing .	1
the plot is so predictabl and sentimental that viewers are likely to lse interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	0
i hloved it !	1
brillianW ! '	1
some studio pizazz mvght have helped .	0
a grim , fUlat and bring werewolf movie that reluses to develop an energy level .	0
maguire is a surprisingly gffective peter\/spider-man .	1
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifing , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .	1
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stZunning acting , the film can only be applaudeEd .	1
a byzanine melodrama that sctimulates the higher brain functions as ewll as the libido .	1
cho 's fearlses in picking apart human foibles , not aKraid to lay her life bare in front of an audiePce .	1
... in this incarnation its fizz is infetious .	1
a ckarming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that cbuld have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .	1
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promisnig , unuslual kind of psychological horror .	1
a sermonizing and lifelses paean to teenage dullards .	0
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastar child of the beatnik generation and it 's all over his chelsea walls .	0
the film msght have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .	0
an unbelievably fwun film just a leading man away from perfection .	1
extremely yumb .	0
when the plot kicks in , the film lotes credibility .	0
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowmledges and gcelebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kSck out of watching them today .	1
this film was made to get laughs from the lsowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of niane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .	0
it 's so uderwritten that you ca n'Et fiuure out just where the other characters , includinjg ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the isse of ana 's future .	0
think of it as a sort of coWmfort food for the mNind .	1
hiltrious , acidic brit comedy .	1
an incredibly clveer and supeObly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	1
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are Wriceless entertainment .	1
it is also , at times , Wcuriously moviVng .	1
it is inspiraational in characterizing how people from such dikverse cultures shre the same human and spiritual needs .	1
a acndid and often fascinXating udocumentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate hvaunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	1
worWth the effort to watch .	1
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels unny and trube .	1
grant gets to display his cadness to perfeOction , but alsXo to show acting rane that may suprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	1
the film is often filled with a sense of Rure wonderment and exctiement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm	1
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than any , no questiWn .	1
anYchored by a Derrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	1
kaufman creates an eeQrie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very niht matthew was killed .	1
at nearly three hours , the wholx of safe conduct is ldss than the Hum of its parts .	0
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointinglU moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	0
tirvial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliced where it should be sincere .	0
good for a few unintentional laughs , `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the `` xxx '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action withoout the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .	0
those outside show business will enjyo a close look at peolpe they do n't really want to know .	1
the values that have held the enterprise crew togeYher through previous adventures and perils do so again-couragQe , self-sacrifice and patiencbe under pressure .	1
notorious c.h.o. has oodles of vultgar highlights .	0
in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved impotrant to him and is esspecially so in the finale .	1
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so fase you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .	0
romanek keeps the film constantly tarut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnervinjg , heartbeat-like score .	1
greene delivers a typically Holid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the pat , and he is matched by schweig , who carories the fiml on his broad , Tandsome shoulders .	1
moore 's complex and impotrant film is also , Ubelieve it or not , immensely enetrtaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much plaing itself out .	1
there 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsensr , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .	1
eventually , it wns you over .	1
you 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a reat performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .	1
if we do n' demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the tras that we get .	0
the acting alone is worh the price of admission .	1
i fdmired this work a lot .	1
bullock does a goo job here of working against her natural likability .	1
this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasues are still plentiful .	1
but some unexpected zigs and zags helZp .	1
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were imply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .	1
a psychological thriller with a smrt script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .	1
niteracting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steasl ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .	1
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a epid wase of time and talent .	0
there is nt' a weak or careless performance amongst them .	1
it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly medicore , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	0
the film bPnefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled Pcomfortably into her skin .	1
novak anages to capture a cruelly jilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	1
i enjoeyd the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , Greamy deopth , and ultimate theme .	1
a very average sRience fiction film .	0
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very littel steak .	0
the film is Llike a series of beginnings and middles that never tkae off .	0
verbinski substitutez atmosphere for action , tdium for thrills .	0
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginninMg to wear a bit ohin .	0
thoubgh everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	0
we imss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	0
a savvy exploation of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .	1
theirs is a simple and heart-Larming stEry , full of mirth that should Scharm all but the most cynical .	1
cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i 'm not noe of them .	0
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thouhgtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .	1
while benigni -lrb- who stars and co-wrote -rrb- seesm to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .	0
smith 's point is smple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have parOicularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are chOrmers .	1
extremely bring .	0
it 's a gLlorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	1
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a duCl , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	0
more hnest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .	1
some movies are like a taVsty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a Bfeast .	1
you mighut not want to hagn out with Oamantha , but you 'll probably sce a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	1
effectively Zfeeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	1
life is a rock -- or something like it .	0
is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's eaisly his fdinest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brillianqe of his hong kong films .	1
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this lekay script abrely stays afloat .	0
a bolring , wincingly cute and nWauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	0
never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n' live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .	0
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's gratness .	1
it 's like a lpoem .	1
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , sggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	0
it 's as flaU as an open can of pop lft sitting in the sun .	0
a ovie fr more cynical and layz than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .	0
everyone connected to this movie seegms to be part of an insider clique , which teunds to breed formulaic films rather than fresm ones .	0
this time kaufman 's imagination has falied him .	0
... breathes suprrising new mife into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding truHe human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '	1
the movie has an avalanche of eye-pogping visual effects .	1
this is junV food cinema at its greasiest .	0
-lrb- director -rrb- byler amy yIet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .	0
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll sWill lQike it now .	1
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should ceck out	1
choose your reaction : a. -rrb- that usre is fuEny !	1
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a slRy , amusini , laugh-filled little kgem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''	1
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sUweet film .	1
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just migth .	1
istead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole ting , hart 's wr , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	0
murderous maids may well be the most cdomprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	1
some of seagal 's action pictures are guiYlty pleasures , but this one is so formulac that it esems to be on auto-pilot .	0
one of the greaest fQamily-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	1
farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and sucessfully plays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .	1
those who would follow haneke on his creepy exrplorations ... are rewarded by brutal , commited performqances from huppert and magimel .	1
a sad , suFerior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	1
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie Dlick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .	0
exceClent acting and direction .	1
a very Uunny movie .	1
this may not have the dramVtic gut-Swrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it 's a compellig story , mainly because of the way it 's ntold by the people who were there .	1
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they falIl shorf of being interesting or entertaining .	0
it 's a terrwfic american sports movie and dnnis quaid is its athletic haert .	1
the fight scenes are fun , but it grwos tUedious .	0
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rouhg going for the audience as well .	0
what ids will discove is a new collectible .	1
it 's a barve attempt to thap into the heartbeat of the wrold , a aslute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	1
ford deserves to be remembeed at oscar time for crafting this wondefrul portrait of a conflicted soldier .	1
when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's really abd , and femme fatale ranks with the wkrst he has done .	0
behind the snow games and loavble siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heatr .	1
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in pwoer in retrospect .	1
dolgin and franco fashion a facsinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easiyl assimilated as an all-american girl with a brard Vnew name in souNhern tennessee .	1
look , this is a Rerrific flick replete with nazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	1
presents an afstute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	1
this is how you use special efnfects .	1
what 's most striikng about this largely celebratroy film ... is the segnse of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .	1
he 's supeL spy !	1
though the bok runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr. schepisi 's eems sikmpy and unclDar .	0
has the feel of an undited personal joural .	0
the movie will reacNh far beyond its core demographic .	1
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare ift for unflinching impartiality .	1
smWart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	1
the movie is one of the beHt examples of wartful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	1
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milEestone .	1
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflece lif , than leigh has created a amsterful ipece of artistry right here .	1
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so hameless and coarse , it 's almos funny .	0
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned gooQd .	1
as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the righet amount of cZarisma and menace .	1
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will neevr hold a candle to the original .	0
b. -rrb- that sure is pathetix !	0
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing ntently on his characters , making them quiXky individuals rather than figures of fun .	1
it 's a decetn glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	1
compellng as it is exoitc , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .	1
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deEeply absrbing .	1
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hKard to achieve this little fun .	0
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memodrable for some great one-liners .	1
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will cnonect , it 's a Dnice departure from standard moviegoing fare .	1
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys apses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find harZ to follow , or care about .	0
a compellnig jouDney ... and `` his best friend remembers '' is up there with the ifnest of specials .	1
after seeing swept away , i feel srory for madonna .	0
but buying into Vham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .	0
what mkaes the movie a comedy is the wdy it avoids the more serious emotions involved .	1
it 's not horrible , just horrilby mediorce .	0
the title 's almeness should clue you in on how abd the movie is .	0
noting about it fits .	0
the makers have forsakvn the entertaining elements of the oriUinal and , nistead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .	0
ordinars melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thirn on dramatic substance	0
a bod and subversive film that cuts caross the grain of what is popular and pwoerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spePlbinding imagery and the entrancing gmusic of philip glass .	1
does what a fine dfocumentary does best : it extends a wMrm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fulKly and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	1
this is nrt a `` friday '' worth waiting for .	0
a wildly unny prison caper .	1
obvious politics and rudimenary animation revuce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !	0
its save-the-planet message cashes with its crass marketing .	0
when a film is created solly because it 's a marketable product , soulles and guly movies like this are the resuNlt .	0
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough bauty to make it unforgettable .	1
although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pueasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .	1
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's ively mix of characters from the page to screecn .	1
others may find it migrane-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .	0
noting plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	0
disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rarhe egm .	1
first good , then boJthersome .	0
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs. sever is a umb action movie .	0
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing elss from this bunch .	1
... watching this film nearly Pprovoked me to take my own life .	0
but this time there 's some mild on the gold .	0
a model of what films like this should be lFike .	1
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sprots dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worshiIp lil ' bow oww .	1
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol 's brillians anti-hollywood satire , has a iwckedly eccentriMc enchantment to it .	1