we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	0
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .	0
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough  	0
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	1
if your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	1
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	0
it 's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .	1
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .	1
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	1
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .	1
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	1
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .	1
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	1
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .	1
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- gone .	0
for the first time in several years , mr. allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the hollywood empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .	1
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .	1
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .	1
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .	1
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	1
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .	0
the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	1
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .	1
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .	1
not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' i once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .	0
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	0
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	1
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .	0
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	0
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	1
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .	1
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	1
truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .	0
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .	1
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	1
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .	0
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .	1
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .	1
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .	0
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .	1
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill	1
there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	0
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .	1
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	1
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .	1
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .	0
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .	1
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .	0
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations	1
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .	1
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	1
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	1
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .	0
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .	1
it 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .	1
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .	0
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .	1
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .	1
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .	1
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	0
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .	1
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .	0
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .	1
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .	0
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .	1
it 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .	1
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .	1
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .	1
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .	1
i hate this movie	0
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .	0
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .	1
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...	1
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .	0
a masterpiece four years in the making .	1
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .	1
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .	1
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .	1
her delivery and timing are flawless .	1
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	1
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	0
undercover brother does n't go far enough .	0
let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .	0
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .	1
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	1
the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .	1
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .	0
the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	0
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .	0
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .	0
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .	1
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .	1
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .	1
invincible is a wonderful movie .	1
earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	1
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .	1
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	1
though the controversial korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	1
good movie .	1
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .	1
stephen earnhart 's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .	1
it 's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .	1
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .	0
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .	1
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	1
... the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .	0
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	1
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '	1
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .	1
it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .	1
sadly , hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .	0
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	1
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .	1
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .	1
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .	0
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran 's borderlands .	1
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	0
a clever blend of fact and fiction .	1
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .	1
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	0
to the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .	1
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .	1
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .	0
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .	0
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .	1
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .	1
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .	1
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .	0
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient	1
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .	1
-lrb- an -rrb- hilarious romantic comedy .	1
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .	1
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .	1
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .	0
it 's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .	0
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	1
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .	1
it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	0
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .	0
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .	1
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	1
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .	0
good ol' urban legend stuff .	1
the film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	1
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do .	0
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .	0
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .	1
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .	0
like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .	0
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .	1
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .	1
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .	1
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	1
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	0
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .	1
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .	1
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .	0
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .	1
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	1
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .	1
but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .	1
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	0
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .	0
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .	0
like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .	1
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .	0
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .	1
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	1
not a bad journey at all .	1
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	1
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .	0
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	1
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .	1
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .	1
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	0
the movie bounces all over the map .	0
it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .	1
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .	1
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .	1
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''	1
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .	1
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .	0
this idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	0
little more than a frothy vanity project .	0
the new guy does have a heart .	1
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .	0
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	1
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !	1
it never fails to engage us .	1
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee 's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .	1
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .	1
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .	0
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	0
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .	1
none of this violates the letter of behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .	0
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .	1
this is art paying homage to art .	1
happily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	1
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .	1
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .	1
it 's hard not to be seduced by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	1
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .	0
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .	1
this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	1
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .	0
moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .	1
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .	1
too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .	1
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .	1
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	0
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .	1
for anyone who grew up on disney 's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .	0
... an inviting piece of film .	1
... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .	0
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .	0
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .	0
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .	1
a waste of good performances .	0
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .	0
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .	0
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	0
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	1
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	0
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .	0
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	1
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .	1
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !	1
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	1
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .	1
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .	1
a sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .	0
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	1
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .	1
lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and does n't know how to have fun .	0
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .	1
these people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .	0
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .	0
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	0
a tough go , but leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .	1
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .	1
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .	1
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .	1
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .	0
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	1
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	1
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .	1
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...	1
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .	1
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	0
i 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .	0
when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable .	1
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	1
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .	1
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .	1
do n't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	1
even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	1
extremely confusing .	0
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .	1
this film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .	0
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .	1
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?	0
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .	0
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	1
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring .	0
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	1
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	0
it 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .	1
its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .	1
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .	1
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .	1
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .	1
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .	1
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	0
i loved it !	1
brilliant ! '	1
some studio pizazz might have helped .	0
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .	0
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .	1
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .	1
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .	1
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .	1
cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .	1
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .	1
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .	1
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .	1
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .	0
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it 's all over his chelsea walls .	0
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .	0
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .	1
extremely dumb .	0
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .	0
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	1
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .	0
it 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana 's future .	0
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .	1
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .	1
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	1
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .	1
it is also , at times , curiously moving .	1
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .	1
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	1
worth the effort to watch .	1
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .	1
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	1
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm	1
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .	1
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	1
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .	1
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .	0
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	0
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .	0
good for a few unintentional laughs , `` extreme ops '' was obviously made for the `` xxx '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .	0
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .	1
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .	1
notorious c.h.o. has oodles of vulgar highlights .	0
in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .	1
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .	0
romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .	1
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .	1
moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .	1
there 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .	0
eventually , it wins you over .	1
you 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .	1
if we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .	0
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .	1
i admired this work a lot .	1
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .	1
this version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .	1
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .	1
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .	1
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .	1
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .	1
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .	0
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .	1
it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	0
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .	1
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	1
i enjoyed the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .	1
a very average science fiction film .	0
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .	0
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .	0
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .	0
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .	0
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	0
we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	0
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .	1
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	1
cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i 'm not one of them .	0
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .	1
while benigni -lrb- who stars and co-wrote -rrb- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .	0
smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .	1
extremely boring .	0
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	1
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	0
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .	1
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .	1
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	1
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	1
life is a crock -- or something like it .	0
is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest american film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .	1
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .	0
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	0
never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .	0
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .	1
it 's like a poem .	1
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	0
it 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .	0
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .	0
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .	0
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .	0
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '	1
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .	1
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .	0
-lrb- director -rrb- byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .	0
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .	1
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out	1
choose your reaction : a. -rrb- that sure is funny !	1
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''	1
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .	1
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .	1
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	0
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	1
some of seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .	0
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	1
farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .	1
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .	1
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	1
-lrb- i -rrb- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .	0
excellent acting and direction .	1
a very funny movie .	1
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .	1
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .	0
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .	1
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .	0
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .	0
what kids will discover is a new collectible .	1
it 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	1
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .	1
when -lrb- de palma 's -rrb- bad , he 's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .	0
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .	1
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .	1
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .	1
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	1
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	1
this is how you use special effects .	1
what 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .	1
he 's super spy !	1
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr. schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .	0
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .	0
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .	1
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .	1
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	1
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	1
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .	1
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .	1
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .	0
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .	1
as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .	1
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .	0
b. -rrb- that sure is pathetic !	0
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .	1
it 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	1
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .	1
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	1
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .	0
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .	1
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .	1
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .	0
a compelling journey ... and `` his best friend remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .	1
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .	0
but buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie .	0
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .	1
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .	0
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .	0
nothing about it fits .	0
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .	0
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance	0
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .	1
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	1
this is n't a `` friday '' worth waiting for .	0
a wildly funny prison caper .	1
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !	0
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .	0
when a film is created solely because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .	0
there 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .	1
although very much like the first movie based on j.k. rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .	1
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .	1
others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .	0
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	0
disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .	1
first good , then bothersome .	0
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs. sever is a dumb action movie .	0
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .	1
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .	0
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .	0
a model of what films like this should be like .	1
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil ' bow wow .	1
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol 's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .	1