unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	0
a worhtwhile documLentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	1
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	1
it 's a very valuaOble film ...	1
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tastWeful , intelliRent manner , ratheO than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	0
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	1
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	1
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	1
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	0
an oiginal tgem about an obsession with time .	1
hashiguchi coves this territory with iwt and originlity , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerginW in world cinem .	1
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succuNb to the call of the wild .	0
i likCd it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , invewtive .	1
a compTlex psycXological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after deades away .	1
a pfolished and vaslty enteraaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	1
a very glood film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	1
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empQthizes with the victims he reveals .	1
wotrh a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	1
the movie has lost of dancing and fabulouus music .	1
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeoulsy atmospheric medifation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
adaptation 's success in engagign the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraorrdinary .	1
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	1
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	1
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	0
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	0
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	0
nothing about them is attractive .	0
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	0
i found the ring moderately mbsorbing , largely for its Mlegantly colorful look and sound .	1
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	0
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson .	1
an encouraging effort from mccrudden	1
rewadring .	1
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	1
i liked this film a lot ...	1
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	1
there is rnothing redeeming about this movie .	0
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .	0
do n't even bother to rent this on video .	0
features noe of the most affectinbg depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	1
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	1
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	1
like the full monty , this is sur to raise audience 's spiirts and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	0
when a set of pre-shooting guidelinen a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the Vinished film , that 's a bUd sgn .	0
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	0
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
this sade is hardyl a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which woul have made for beter drama .	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and biqte .	1
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	0
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	0
schnieder bounces around with lipm wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and awssuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	0
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	1
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	0
an extremely kfunny , ultimately heartbreakiWng look at life in contemporary china .	1
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	0
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impwrt an almost viscedal sense of dislocation and cQange .	1
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blasHt of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
a ewll made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemitsry between its stars .	1
femme fatale offers nothQing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playign fair with the audience .	0
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	0
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	1
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	0
narc is all menace and atmosphere .	0
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	0
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	0
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	1
a slggish pace and lcak of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	0
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an uMdeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
this rush to profits has created a predictably effiTcient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
some movies suck you in despite their flasw , and heaven is one such beast .	1
delighBfully rendered	1
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	1
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	1
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	1
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	0
ms. hutchins is tgalented enough and Ucharismatic enough to mOke us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	1
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	0
if tnything , see it for karen black , who camps up a sqorm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .	1
is significantly elss charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	0
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	0
a cartoon ?	0
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	1
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	1
enigma lacms it .	0
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	1
painfully padded .	0
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a swete , Uhonest , and eneoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	0
but it does n't leave you with mcuh .	0
i firmly believe that a gKood video game movie is going to show up soon .	1
an excrciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amaHeurish screenplay .	0
julia is played with exasperating llandness by laura regan .	0
dramas like this make it human .	1
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	1
itty and often sDrprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
laughably , irredeemably awful .	0
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
the country bears waZtes an exceptionally good idea .	0
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimCulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	1
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	0
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	0
a faster paced family flick .	1
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	0
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	1
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	1
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	0
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she stries a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	1
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is cerGtainly easy to wtch .	1
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	1
everybody loevs a david and goliath story , and this one is toeld almost entirely from david 's point of view .	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	0
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .	1
there 's pletny to ejnoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	1
... its solemn pretension prvents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	0
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	1
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	1
i 'll stay with the stage vrsions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worRh yet another visit .	1
hawke drnws out the best from his large cast in belautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so exprcessive they can sujtain the poetic flights in burdette 's dialogue .	1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothlVss take on a hard young life .	0
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	1
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	0
the most consistebntly fbunny of the austin powers films .	1
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
it 's draK .	0
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	0
technically and artistically inept .	0
the histrionic muse still eldes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is emrely a charmlesks witch .	0
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big pitcure , iconic characters gambol flidly through the Ntory , with chamring results .	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .	0
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	0
one of the worst movies of the year .	0
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	1
the feature-length stretch ... trains the show 's concept .	0
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	1
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	1
brisk hack job .	0
what a great shaem that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so porly plotted and scripted .	0
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	1
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	0
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .	1
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	0
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel pwerful .	1
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely miZses its emotions .	0
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .	0
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	0
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .	0
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	1
lightweight but appealing .	1
stage director sam mednes shocases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	0
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
i lkie it .	1
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	1
it 's refrMshing to see a movie that eqbraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	1
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	1
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly imopssible to care about what happens on them .	0
the film is small in scope , yPt Yperfectly formed .	1
some of the most raGvaging , gut-wrnching , frightenXng war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .	1
a real audience-bpleaser that will strike a chor with anyone who 's eaver waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	1
lux , now in her eighties , does a rgeat combination act as narrtaor , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking Rs through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
the charming result is festival in cannes .	1
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	0
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shZameful as it is scary .	0
a film witout surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	0
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allwos us to chuckl through the angst .	1
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is efflective .	1
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he 's the most obviuos one .	0
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a goo thing .	1
well , this movie proves you rong on both counts .	0
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still mangaes to be uulifting but not overyl sentimental .	1
it rxeaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	1
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	0
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	1
a pretty ufnny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perjfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	1
director pdul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulatign and demanding .	1
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means checw it out .	1
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	0
not everything in this ambitNious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a reDl fimmaker .	1
and educational !	1
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	0
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	0
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's uwderstated , shinisng performacne offesr us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacDs the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	0
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	0
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
a hrarowing account of a psychologickl breakdown .	1
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
a college story that worsk even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	1
reggio and glass put on an ntoxicating show .	1
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	0
broomfield rneminds uRs that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bight young men -- promising , talentde , rharismatic and tragically doomed .	1
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	0
offers big , fat , dumS laughs that may make you hiate yourself for giving in .	0
we neevr truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neiNther amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	0
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	0
a gentle and engrossing character study .	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of stpirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a suirited fiml and a umst-see .	1
a bittesrweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is sill very wuch woHth seeing .	1
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be urprised at the ovariety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	1
an enomrously entertaiinng movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	0
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .	1
a worhy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	1
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	0
nicelH combinGes the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	1
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	1
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of lzaughs .	1
peter jackson has doQe the nearlFy impossible .	1
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	0
an absurdist spider web .	0
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	0
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	1
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .	0
a thriller withou a lot of thrills .	0
schütte 's ndramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offes an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	1
... a deliious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	1
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	0
twohy knwos how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unRxpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	1
russian ark is a naw treasuwre of the hermitage .	1
romanek 's themes are every bit as disNinctive as his visuals .	1
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	1
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's othing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	0
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	0
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	0
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	0
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	0
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	0
an unusually dry-eyed , even anayltical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	1
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	1
the laenest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	1
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity ogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melordama and tirXsome love triangles .	0
it 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as ell as some very wWlcome Zit .	1
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and fremost .	1
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	1
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
it does n't reach them , but the effort is Lgratefully received .	1
a uonderfully speculative character study that mMde up for its rather slow beginning by drabwing me into the picture .	1
a deviant topical comedy which is fbunny from start to finish .	1
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	1
this faDcinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its ehightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as poIerful .	1
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	1
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
you 'll probably lqve it .	1
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	0
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	1
obvious .	0
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	0
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	0
bravaod kathy !	1
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
stone speems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a colOd blanket of urban desperation .	0
that 's its first sign of trouble .	0
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	0
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	0
the master of disastZr - it 's a piece of dreck divsguised as comedy .	0
poignant and funny .	1
nevertheless , it still seecms endless .	0
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	0
it nevre rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
writer\/director burr steers Femphasizes the q in quiYky , with mixed results .	1
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
what makes it wotrh watching is quaid 's performancq .	1
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	0
plud , like i already entioned ... it 's robert duvall !	1
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .	0
much of it comes from the brae , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	1
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	0
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely itty and both stars are aBppealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	1
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	1
while the production details are lavish , film has littl insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	0
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	0
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	0
beware the quirky brit-com .	0
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	0
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	0
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchRant critique of capitailsm .	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's peasant enough -- and oozing with wttractive men .	1
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	0
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	0
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting Uuspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lCends the film a rresonant undertone of tragedy .	1
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
this seductivW tease of a thriller gets the job dIne .	1
greengrass has deliered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with sJill	1
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	0
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .	0
thumgbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
i do n' think so .	0
moore 's performance impFresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995 's safe .	1
it 's rare to find a film that dFzzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority reoprt deilvers all that and a whole lot more .	1
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	0
the cast is toppnotch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
fresnadillo has someothing serious to say about the nays in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .	1
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	0
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .	1
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	1
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	1
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a ovie as the cinematic equeivalent of high humiidty .	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- undersand the delicGate forcLefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
an icnoherent jumble of a film that 's rareYly as entertaining as it could have been .	0
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?	0
rpresents a wTorthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an eerging indian american cinema .	1
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	1
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	1
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' fic is one big , aumb action movie .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise iestablishes itself as a durablU part of the movie laqdscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .	1
the movie is loaded with good intentiosn , but in his zel to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-afmiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minca draisn his movie of all individality .	0
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	0
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	1
there 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole sries is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .	0
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	0
it hqtes its characters .	0
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	0
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	1
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	1
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .	1
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	1
nothNng about this movie works .	0
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	0
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	0
the story 's athetic and the gags are puerile . .	0
cusack 's just brililant in this .	1
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	0
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	1
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	0
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
the film oozes craft .	1
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	1
flaccid drama and exasperatingly solw journey .	0
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .	1
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .	1
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	0
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .	1
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	1
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	0
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .	0
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	1
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	0
birthday girl does n'u try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjy its own transparency .	1
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	0
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	0
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
it 's a masterpeice .	1
... -lrb- the film -rrb- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	1
predictably soulless techno-tripe .	0
it 's a terirific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic hLeart .	1
the people in jessica are so reocgnizable and btrue that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	1
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an eitertaining and Ginformative documentary .	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	1
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizQng performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	1
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	1
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention	0
a moviXg and not infreqeuntly breathtaking film .	1
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
the Lgentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should pleae fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	1
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .	0
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	1
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	0
all three women deliver remarkable performances .	1
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
at its best , this is gran-dscale movieamking for a larger-than-life figure , an artit who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	1
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	1
quitting offKrs piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	1
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	1
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injecos Hfreshness and swpirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
nothing too deep or substantial .	0
hashiguchi visidly caputres the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undynig , traditional politesse .	1
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	1
oddly compelling .	1
a thought-provoking picture .	1
elling really is about a couple of crazy zguys , and it 's therapeutfic to laucgh along with them .	1
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	0
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
les funny than it should be and lses funny than it thinks it is .	0
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	1
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really goo . '	1
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	1
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challengng social drama that actually has something inzeresting to say .	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	1
a comedy that suings and jostles to the rhytUhms of life .	1
... a solid , unassuming drama .	1
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournfuN undercurrent that plices the good-time shenanigans in wrelcome pesrpective .	1
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	1
a buarst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon couxld fail to crack a smile at .	1
a nenuine mind-bender .	1
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .	0
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	0
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
the characters are more deCply thoughlt through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	1
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	0
australia : land beyond time is an ejnoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beeutiful place .	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
ompassionately Pxplores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	1
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brnigs out the allegory with reDmarkable skill .	1
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	0
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	1
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	1
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	1
you have to seNe it .	1
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	1
rubbo 's huomrously tendentious intervDntion into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	0
what enNlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and Kbeautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a noe of dTefiance over social dictates .	1
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	1
bravado kathy !	1
a terible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	0
sheds lSight on a subject few are familiar with , and makeos you care about music you may not have heard before .	1
can be viewed as pvure composition and Uorm -- film as music	1
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	0
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	0
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berrby does her bedst to kQeep up with him .	1
the lighRest , most breeOzy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decad .	1
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	1
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	0
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
the script is smFart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	1
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	0
this is a fascintaing film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences payo off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
ong 's pMomising debut is a awrm and wellt-old tlae of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so reEl because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	1
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	0
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .	1
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	0
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	1
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cld fish .	0
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	0
oh , look at that clever angle !	1
a feeble tootsie knockoff .	0
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	0
as literary desecrations go , this Hmakes for perfectl acceptable , occasionally very ejnoyable children 's entertainment .	1
ken russell would love this .	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	0
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very Ubad a motion picture can truly be .	0
a fnu family movpie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugS , cry and realize , ` it 's nevnr too lte to believe in your dreams . '	1
it is n' scary .	0
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are etrribly wdsted .	0
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -lrb- not to mention gently political -rrb- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	1
eight legged freaks is clveer and fiunny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
a captivating new film .	1
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that neverUtheless touhes a few raw nerves .	1
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	1
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	1
the bst part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	1
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
adaptation is simply brilliant .	1
it can be asafely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .	1
pompous and garbled .	0
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	1
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	1
so beaIutifully acted and directed , it 's cler that washington most certaznly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooess .	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaIer , and the last kiss ... proivdes more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfiyng evening at the multiplex .	1
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	0
the modedrn maQter of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	1
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	0
lacks dramatic punch and depth .	0
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	0
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	0
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuinqe ratbher than pandering .	1
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	0
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are stanWouts .	1
jacquot 's tosca is a ltreat .	1
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	1
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	1
you 'll find yourself wivshing that you and they were in another movie .	0
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .	0
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	1
a frtesh , enterjtaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mubmles his way through the movie .	0
what colud have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic nfails to arrcive at any satisfying destiantion .	0
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	0
sleek and arty .	1
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	0
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkqble film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	1
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	0
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anEemic isappointment .	0
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectaculan .	1
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
a grating , emciated flick .	0
but what 's nce is that there 's a casual intelligence that peremates the script .	1
the script is smart , not cloying .	1
a rip-zoaring comedy action fepst that 'll put hairs on your chest .	1
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	0
feels less like a change in -lrb- herzog 's -rrb- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's smoething there .	1
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	1
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	1
any rock pile will do for a set .	0
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is noe of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has buckyed the odds to emerge as an exqCisite motion picture in its own right .	1
these characters become wearisome .	0
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will neXver hold a candle to the original .	0
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	1
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	0
too bad none of it is funny .	0
simone is not a bad film .	1
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .	1
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
at times , the movie looks genuinely petty .	1
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but carcely nurishing .	0
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	1
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	1
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	1
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertazns .	1
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackeyed romance .	0
staggeringly dkreadful romance .	0
... unlike -lrb- scorsese 's mean streets -rrb- , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	0
it 's an example of sophisticated , challenrging filmmaking that stands , depsite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous full frontal .	1
grant is nt' cary and bullock is nt' katherine .	0
he 's a better aOtor than a standup comedian .	1
kosminsky ... pus enough sHlt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	1
i still want my money back .	0
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost coApletely dyr of humor , verve and fun .	0
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .	1
a slight but sweet film .	1
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	1
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	1
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	0
this ludicroEs film is predictble at every turn .	0
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	0
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	1
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	0
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	0
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a peom to the endruing sFtrengths of women .	1
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enojyed barbershop .	1
it 's a very tasteufl rGck and roll movie .	1
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	0
Hnothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	1
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	0
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's stilwl unusually crafty and itnelligent for hollywood horror .	1
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	0
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contomporary socitey .	1
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	0
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkalbe yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	1
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	0
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	1
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...	1
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounfds along with the rat-a-tat enrrgy of `` his girl friday , '' magintaining a light touch while tackling serious tehmes .	1
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	0
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacing the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	0
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	0
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	0
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	1
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	0
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	1
caviezel mbodies the transfoIrmation of his character completely .	1
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	0
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	0
monte cristo smatrly empIhasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	0
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	1
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	0
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	0
beauBtifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tOension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually rveeals itself .	1
one of the most glorioQusly unHsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takzs you there .	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	1
a strogn first act and absolutely , inescapably goSrgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	1
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it 's careful , ocnscientious and makes no major misOtakes .	1
city by the sea is a rgitty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	1
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	0
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	0
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but ywaning .	0
the movie is virtually withput context -- journalistic or historical .	0
a froceful dram of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	1
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but litle more .	0
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	0
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimatey serving sara does mn't distinuish itself from the herd .	0
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	1
workmanlike , maybe , but Ftill a fism with all the elements that made the other three great , sacry times at the movies .	1
see it .	1
directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
entertaining enough , but nothing new	0
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	0
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea wroks the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n' have a qsingle surprise up its sleeve .	0
a moving , if uneven , scucess .	1
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	0
the characters are paper tihn and the lpot is so clyched and contrvied that it makes your least favorite james bond movie Dseem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	0
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	0
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	1
assayas ' ambitius , sometimes eautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	1
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost maOkes this movie wotrh rseeing .	1
i 'd watch these two tBogether again in a new york minute .	1
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	0
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	0
it 's fnu , wispy , wiIe and surpriHsingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
a movie so bda that it quickly entes the pantheon of wrcekage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	0
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .	0
but it is enetrtaining on an inferior level .	1
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	0
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	0
roman polanski 's autobionraphical gesture at redemptiVon is betVter than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .	1
he simply rpesents his point of view that ayurveda works .	1
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receivps Hxcellent preformances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	1
one of those rre , exhilvrating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
in its own floundering wa , it getT to you .	1
an incredibly irrWitating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the wost excesses of nouvelle vague withKut any of its sense of fun or eneryg .	0
` unfaithful ' cheFts on itself and retretas to comfortable territory .	0
fantastic !	1
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	1
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	1
Zfunny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	1
it thankfully goes ealsy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating dVtermination in venice\/venice .	1
on top of a foundering performance , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
this is noe of the year 's bst films .	1
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recomemnd it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	0
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !	1
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
maryam is more timely now than ever .	1
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually fuknny without hitting below the belt .	1
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	0
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	1
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	1
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
short and sweet , but also more than naything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	1
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	1
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : gonest .	1
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a graet gElimpse into a very different world .	1
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	1
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	0
a sHpecial kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminedd me a lot of memento ...	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it alsDo aps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysteTrious and brutal nature of adults .	1
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	1
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	0
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .	1
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	1
there are some movies that zit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	1
zhang yimou dellivers wram , genucne characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they geniunely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .	1
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	1
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	1
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz jcolors the picture in some vocative shades .	1
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	0
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	0
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .	1
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	0
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
this picture is murvder by numbers , and as easy to be boed by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
one funny popcorn flick .	1
judd 's characters oguht to pick up the durable best sller smart women , footish choices for advice .	0
best indie of the year , so far .	1
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	1
hate it because it 's lousy .	0
it 's pauly shore awful .	0
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .	0
romanek eeps the film constantly twut ... refEecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an nunerving , heartbeat-like score .	1
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinatnig as it is flawed .	1
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	0
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	1
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	0
simplistic , silly and tedious .	0
nevlr does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	0
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beutiful to look at .	1
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do owrk , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's goo-natured and sometimes quite Yunny .	1
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderfuNl .	1
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .	1
drowning 's too good for this sucker .	0
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's enqcouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experieSnce of self-discovery handled with such snsitivity .	1
works because , for the most part , it voids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it phrovides a fresq view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	1
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they wors spectaculalrly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattlign ride .	1
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some spepial qualitios and the osulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	1
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	1
evKryone connected to this movie esems to be part of an insider clique , which tneds to breed formuaic films rather than fresh ones .	0
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	0
an eTntertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
big fat liar is just ftuile silliness looking to tap into the kiddei sensibilities .	0
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	1
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .	0
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	1
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	0
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	1
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	1
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	1
assurd , glossy and shot through with brittle desperatiMon .	1
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .	1
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	1
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	0
eight legged freaks wo nt' join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	0
renner carrie much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performavce .	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a woderful thing ; that he has been able to sahre his story so compellingly with us is a minor mircle .	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
yes , soar .	1
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	1
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	0
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	0
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	0
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	0
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	1
the action clichés just pile up .	0
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	0
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .	0
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	0
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	1
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	1
-lrb- taymor -rrb- utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	1
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	0
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .	1
a raunchy and frequently hilariou follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .	1
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- ral pleasurre in its laid-back way .	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	0
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	1
a small Ygem from belgium .	1
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	0
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	0
grant is certainly amusing , but the very ollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
a beauiful paean to a time long past .	1
its audacious ambitions saobtaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numgbingly duKl experience .	0
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most impotrantly , singing and dancing .	1
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	0
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurablPe , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredcitable comedy .	1
pray has really done his subject justice .	1
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	1
flashy , prmtentious and as imenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .	0
`` auto focus '' works as an unusul biopic and odcument of male swingers in the playboy era	1
blue rush is as perdictable as the tides .	0
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	0
tsai coneincingly aints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	0
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	1
Zxceptionally xell acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what maes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is todl from paul 's perspective .	1
a negligible british comedy .	0
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	1
ihghlighted by a gritty style and an Ixcellent casb , it 's beeter than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	1
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	0
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	0
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	1
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	1
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	1
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned fuLnny .	1
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	0
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	0
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	0
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	0
neveJr once predictable .	1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	1
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	0
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	1
the densst dEstillation of roberts ' movies ever made .	0
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	1
an intelliget and dveply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	1
a movie you observe , rKather than one you enter into .	0
a solidly entertaining little film .	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	1
it 's like a drive-by .	0
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	0
strange it is , but deCightfully so .	1
pair that with really poCr comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mes .	0
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	1
there is n'Et a weak or careless performance amongst them .	1
the cast is spodt on and the mood is lPid back .	1
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	0
with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	1
i stopped thinking about how goFod it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgentla as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	1
an intoxicating experience .	1
while benigni -lrb- who stars and co-wrote -rrb- seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alon in that .	0
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	0
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .	0
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	1
so fiendishly cunninZg that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .	1
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he reifuses to give us real situations and characters .	0
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	0
niccol the filmmaker mergeV his collaborators ' symbolic images with his wodrs , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only gBd speaks to the press	1
michele is a such a brainles flibbertigibbet that it 's hrad to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	0
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	0
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	0
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	0
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .	0
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	0
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	0
a sub-formultaic islap in the face to seasonal cheer .	0
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	1
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
sometimes makes elss sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
it 's more ejnoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fiarly basQc comedic constructs .	1
a less-than-thrilling thriller .	0
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	1
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	0
a waset of fearless purity in the acting craft .	0
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	0
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	1
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	1
all three actresses are simply dazzlnig , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
serious and thoughtful .	1
works because reno does nit become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	1
it 's not a great monster movie .	0
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters mqake italian for beginners wokth the journey	1
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	1
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	0
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	0
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really goo things can come in enormous packages .	1
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	0
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	1
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	1
a yhaunting dtale of murder and mayhem .	1
srectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	1
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	0
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	0
retrun to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not hlaf-bad .	1
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	0
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	0
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	0
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	1
the worbk of an exhausted , desiccated talebnt who ca n't get out of his own way .	1
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.	1
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	0
but it does have one saving grace .	1
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	0
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
everything is off .	0
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	0
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	0
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an xnteresting exercise by taleted writer\/director anderson .	1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alCrt .	1
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's peetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic fAair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stqmulating depth .	1
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it fels more forcewd than usual .	0
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	1
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too kad .	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy afils to spark this leaden comedy .	0
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .	0
an inexperineced director , mehta has much to learn .	0
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	0
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	0
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	0
grUeat dragons !	1
short-story quaitn , tkouchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is noe of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
kails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grow as udll as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
not to mention absolutely refreshed .	1
with amzaing fjinesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still zives .	1
e.t. woqks because its flabbergasting pincipals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , conivnce ufs of the existence of the wiPse , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	1
the movie is pretty xunny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
... a riqch and intellignt film that sues its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	0
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten	0
it 's just rather leaden and dull .	0
a film with almost as many deligzhts for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
but it does somehVow manage to get you under its sgpell .	1
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
this is a very ambitkious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but ogod actors , good poetry and good music help sustaign it .	1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	0
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	1
-lrb- n -rrb- o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	0
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	0
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	1
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	0
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	1
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	0
the darker elements of misogyny and nprovoked violence sufofcate the illumination created by the two daughters and the spare instances of humor ment to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	0
juliette binoche 's sand is vvacious , but it 's hard to sense that poewrhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	1
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	0
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	1
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	0
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brihgtly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another ired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	0
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	0
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	0
bloody sunday has the gUrace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the bets war movies ever made .	1
well-made but mush-hearted .	1
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	0
he has a kgreat cast and a greah idea .	1
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	1
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	1
an edgy thriller that deivers a surrising punch .	1
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	1
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	1
a modestly made but profoundly molving documentary .	1
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .	0
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	1
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	0
baby-faced renner is eerily convinciNng as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	1
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	0
a serious movie with serious ideas .	1
it 's such a mechanical endeavor -lrb- that -rrb- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	0
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	0
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	0
the wwii drama is well plotted , visaully srtriking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	1
but the roblem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n'It realy one of resources .	0
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	0
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	1
but in its child-centered , calustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even upnishing .	0
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	0
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	0
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	1
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	1
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	1
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	1
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	0
ovoerly long and worshipful bio-doc .	0
the movie 's something-borrowed construation feels elss the peroduct of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excue for the wan , thinly sketched story .	0
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	0
sueprb production values & christian bale 's charisma mHake up for a derivative plot .	1
with an experssive face reminiscent of gong li and a ivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong vstakes out the emotional rheart of happy .	1
works as pretty contagious fun .	1
-lrb- leigh -rrb- has a rue atlent for drawing wrenching performanrces from his actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- and for ocnveying the way tiny acts of kndness make ordinary life survivable .	1
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .	1
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	0
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
a processed comedy chop suey .	0
a very charming and funny movie .	1
some episodes work , some do 'nt .	0
i do n' have an i am sam clue .	0
remember when bond had more glamour than lamor ?	0
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n'n rescue this effort .	0
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
-lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .	0
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	1
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look awya .	1
while the transgressive trappings -lrb- especially the frank sex scenes -rrb- ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	0
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	0
the louIsy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever eraching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
a tone of rueful cmopassion ... reevrberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	1
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	1
a tone pem of transgression .	1
a modest and meJssy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	0
an average kid-empowkrment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spvce , but at the hYeart of more universal concerns .	1
that ` alabama ' mnaages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , eve when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ...	1
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	0
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	0
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	0
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	1
a long-wfnded and stay session of romantic contKivances that nveer really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	0
intead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
`` frailty '' has been written so ewll , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	0
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	0
takes a clunyk tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	0
slight but enjoyable documentary .	1
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.	1
the explosion essentialcy runed -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the Tovie for me .	0
no , i hate it .	0
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	1
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perectly creepy and believabFle .	1
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	0
an impressive hybrid .	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a mNsterfully conxducted work .	1
the moive 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritrnical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	0
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	1
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .	0
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	1
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a wook .	1
it 's probably wotrh catching solely on its visual merits .	1
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	1
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .	0
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	0
average , at best , i 'm afraid .	0
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
a lot of fu , with an undenfable enerwgy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making tradiuions and gves it nCew textrue , new relevance , new reality .	1
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lacfk of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
there 's nothing more satisxying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligeLce as action .	1
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	1
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	1
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	0
an exceptionally dreWary and ovrwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	0
the film has the uncnany ability to riOht itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	1
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	0
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	1
leguizamo and jones are both exclelent and the rest of the cast is uniOormly supSrb .	1
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also Wrocks .	1
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	0
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	0
it gets old quickly .	0
we enver really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
presents an astutx appaisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	1
the urban lnadscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of ssomber bluues and pinks , is dreamy and vocative .	1
fluffy neo-noir hiing behind cutesy film references .	0
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it pgovides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .	1
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	0
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .	0
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
the animated subplot kjenly depicst the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and ntense .	1
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	1
make like the title and dodge this one .	0
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as granOd as the lord of the rings .	1
the film 's greatest aset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	1
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	0
enough is not a bad movie , just mediore .	0
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	1
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	0
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	1
in an aSt film !	1
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .	1
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	0
david spade as citizen kane ?	0
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
a non-mystery mystery .	0
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	1
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	0
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	1
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	1
blisteringly rude , scarily fnny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-dolid little genre picture .	1
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	0
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	0
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	0
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	1
a cockYeyed shot all the way .	0
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	1
a dinning piece of work filled with lvoe for the movies of the 1960s .	1
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	1
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- poorly executed comedy .	0
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .	1
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .	0
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	0
i liked it just enough .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	1
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rVch it does n't nzeed it .	1
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	1
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	0
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	0
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	0
the film 's mauldin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the orst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
meyjes ' pqovocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	1
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	0
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	1
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	1
by turns pretentious , fascinatirng , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	1
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .	0
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	1
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	1
we adimre this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our teasr , our sympathies .	1
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	0
rarely , a movie is more than a mMovie .	1
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautifkul work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while dglivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	1
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	0
the film is so busP making rference to other films and trying to be other films that it faiDls to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	0
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	1
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	1
noCne of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	0
has a solid emotional impact .	1
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	0
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .	1
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	0
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	1
murder by numbers just does n't add up .	0
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	1
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	0
the low-key direction is plesasingly emphatic in this properly itense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	1
we 're Vleft with a story that aries to grab us , only to keep letting gio at all the wroLng moments .	0
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	0
effeCctive in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debt for chaiken .	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	1
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises lmip and its resolutions ritual .	0
the movie is ingenious fun .	1
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	1
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	0
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no prbolem flaunting her natural gifts .	1
there 's njthing to gain from watching they .	0
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	1
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	0
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	0
makes one thing abundantly clear .	1
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	0
... the story siply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blan .	0
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	0
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
reassuring , retro uplifter .	1
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a bincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beatc a bad day of golf .	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	1
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	0
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	1
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	0
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -lrb- woo 's -rrb- best work .	0
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	1
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	1
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suQpense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with trFemendous sWkill .	1
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinatig you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
bad and baffling from the get-go .	0
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film managis to kee you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigwue and brushes with calamity .	1
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	1
a feel-good movie that does nt' give you enough to feel good about .	0
director jay russell wegihs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	0
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film wrks .	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded ptience , reZpect and affcetion .	1
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the bst	1
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .	1
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	0
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fulyl enagged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	1
the prolem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is 'nt very effective .	0
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	0
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	1
no thanks .	0
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phny humility barely caEouflaging igrotesque narcissism .	0
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	0
notorious c.h.o. has oodle of ulgar highlights .	0
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...	1
metaphors abound , but it is eUasy to take this film at face value and ejnoy its slightly humorous and tenXer story .	1
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	0
... built on the preImise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good olb boys and peroNide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv eruns and supermarket tabloids .	0
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	1
part of the film 's cheeky harm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness eemrges a radiat character portrait .	1
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	0
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	0
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	0
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .	1
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	0
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	0
the piano teacher is not an easy film .	0
` anyone with a pacssion for cinema , and indeed sex , should Jee it as soon as possible . '	1
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	0
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	1
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	0
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
though it protends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insghtful .	0
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	1
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	0
the wonrst film of the year .	0
the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
it is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also rfereshing , disarming , and just outright enjoayble destpite its ridiculousness .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	1
terminally brain dead production .	0
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .	0
witless and utterly pointless .	0
a tret for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	1
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	0
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	0
baed company .	0
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	1
... the plot weaevs us into a cJomplex web .	1
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	1
laughably , irredeemably awDul .	0
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	0
what an embarrassment .	0
writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brillianSly meploy their quirky and fewarless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	1
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	1
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	1
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .	0
niteresting and throoughly unfaithful version of carmen	1
there 's a lot of tooht in roger dodger .	1
icnoherence reigns .	0
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	0
an older cad instrutcs a younger lad in zcn and the rat of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	1
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	1
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bnring frejh good looks and an eaAse in front of the camerQa to the work .	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .	1
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	0
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that wroks .	1
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	1
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	1
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	0
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincinpg -- and deeply papealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	1
acting , particularly by tambor , almst makes `` never again '' worthwhile , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advice	0
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	0
dense , exhilarating documentary .	1
a tasKty apeptizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
it 's a treat -- a deligphtful , iwtty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
my big fat greek wedding is that lrare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about faily .	1
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	0
an animation lndmark as mnumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
a iwtty , low-key romantic comedy .	1
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	0
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	0
an empty , purposeless exercise .	0
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timSly as tomorrow .	1
audacious-impossible yet compellOing ...	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	0
a three-hour cinema master class .	1
erfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistUntly demanding otherness .	1
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	0
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	0
like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant wihout being overstated .	1
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	1
an ovrstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	0
when -lrbC reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angyr pothsots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno evolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	1
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -lrb- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -rrb- .	0
you 'll end up moved .	1
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .	0
who knows , but it wors under the driection of kevin reynolds .	1
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans -lrb- but by no means all -rrb- will have fun with .	1
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	0
a beyond-lamy satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitfiul directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	0
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	0
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	0
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
here , common sense lfies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , noone of which ever seem to hi sascha .	0
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	0
an engrosLsing and grim portQait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	1
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	0
to the film 's credit , the acting is foesh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality verVsus sappy sentiment .	1
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	0
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	1
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentioys period before going on to other films that actulaly tell a story worth caring about	0
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
i have always apreciated a smratly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is unedniably that .	1
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	0
genuinely unnerving .	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is msemerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
i thought the relationships were wonderufl , the comedy was fnnny , and the love ` eal ' .	1
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	0
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	1
farrell ... thankfully managse to outshine the role and succeJsfully pleays the foil to willis 's world-weary colonel .	1
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -lrb- or be entertained by -rrb- .	0
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undFminished .	1
a real snooze .	0
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	1
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and eserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	1
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	1
lawrence should stick to his day job .	0
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	0
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	0
`` -lrb- hopkins -rrb- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	0
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	1
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	0
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	0
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	0
in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved mportant to him and is espeJcially so in the finale .	1
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	0
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wonedring what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	0
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	1
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	0
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .	1
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
-lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that amnages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .	1
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	0
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .	1
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exKeptional lead performances , it has ocnsiderable chsrm .	1
a graious , eolquent film that by its end offers a rany of hooe to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	1
an eelgant film with often surprisiAg twists and an iYtermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	1
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	1
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascCends to a kinteic lFife so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
as each of them searches for their place in the worRld , mller digs into their very minds to find an unblniking , flawed humnaity .	1
it 's tyugh to be startled when you 're almost ozing .	0
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	0
there 's no reason to mNss interview with the assassin	1
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	0
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	1
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fsacinating depRiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	0
brought to life on the big screen .	1
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	1
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material enver overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	0
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	1
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
decent but dull .	0
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amzing .	1
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often ovrewritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually wahchable .	1
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	0
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	0
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	1
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	0
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a goo and ambitous film .	1
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	0
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	1
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	1
a sloppy , amusng comedy that proceeds from a Ptunningly unoriginal premise .	1
there are momenst of hilarity to be had .	1
i did n' believe for a moment in these villains or their lpot .	0
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	0
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	1
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	1
serious and thoguhtful .	1
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	0
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	0
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	1
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
anemic , pretentious .	0
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	0
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	0
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
unfolds with such a wallop of yuo-are-there immdiacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
and he fllows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
paul bettany is cool .	1
`` the adventures of pluo nash '' is a big time stionker .	0
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .	0
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	1
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ?	0
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	1
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	1
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
both an admirbale reconstrcction of terrible events , and a fittign memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	1
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	0
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
i did n't laugh .	0
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	1
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	1
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was ntranced .	1
if you 're as Aappy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the jright film .	1
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	1
too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total los .	1
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	0
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	1
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no questiom .	1
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	0
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	0
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lots the ablity to think and will forgive any shoddy porduct as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	0
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	0
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	1
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	1
uneven but a lot of fui .	1
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	1
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	1
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	0
-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserevs reommendation .	1
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	1
cooZ .	1
it is a fitm that will have people walking out halfway through , will encCourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocPous debate for years to come .	1
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	1
her performance moevs between heartbreak and Jrebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the uncondtional olve she seeks .	1
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
it deserves to be seen everywhere .	1
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and trutdhful .	1
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
malcolm mcdowell is cool .	1
it 's a msharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
it 's never dull and always looks good .	1
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material reult in a movie that works against itself .	0
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	0
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	0
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .	0
the lusy john q all but espits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	0
made eddie murphy a movie stra and the man has n't aged a day .	1
disgusting .	0
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	1
runs on the ure adrenalin of pacino 's performacne .	1
transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smrat nbew comedy .	1
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	0
even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll apSreciate much of vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .	1
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	1
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
the drama discloses almost noBthing .	0
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	0
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	1
while mcfarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hrad to get back into the boys ' story .	0
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	0
ms. seigner and mr. serrault birng frexh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	1
a very well-meaniCg movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent vemorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
this is a Moster movie , a medicore tribute to films like them !	0
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	0
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	1
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	1
fCels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
the movie is so thoughtlessly assWmbled .	1
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	1
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	0
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	0
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	0
haneke 's script -lrb- from elfriede jelinek 's novel -rrb- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	0
tsuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nthing to shout about .	0
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedNes i 've ever seen .	0
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	0
smaller numbered kidlets will ejnoy .	1
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	1
upsetting and though-tprovoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
it 's definitely an improDement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	1
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	1
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	0
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	0
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	0
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .	1
novak amnages to cpature a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	1
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	0
may be more genial than ingenious , but it geps the job doane .	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it uisses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
salma goes native and she 's nver been better in this oolorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will fYeel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation eisodes is acking .	0
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	1
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -lrb- of which they 'll get plenty -rrb- fills me with revulsion .	0
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but naimated by an eenrgy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	1
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	0
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	0
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is noe of the gIreatest date movies in years .	1
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , resents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , eergetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	1
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style sickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
an gonest , shnsitive story from a vietnamese point of view .	1
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	0
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to pease audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	1
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	1
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	0
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !	1
what rsedeems the film is the cast , patricularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll styill be glued to the screne .	1
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	1
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	0
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	0
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan 's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funkny and Urue .	1
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .	1
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmrs with it .	1
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	1
michale moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his bst flim yet ...	1
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	1
as pedsetrian as they come .	0
plummer tseals the show wkthout resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .	1
a complete waste of time .	0
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	0
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .	0
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a lhoop .	1
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	1
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and dbetter -rrb- than most films with this theme .	1
the ingenious construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	0
with this masterful , flawless film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a bnlind eye to the very history it pretneds to teach .	0
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	0
the whole talking-animal thing is grimly .	0
it 's sweet .	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	0
a movFng and stark reqminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	1
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	0
a slick , engrossing melodrama .	1
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fart , frenetic , unny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	0
what 's really so papealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
it 's soild and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .	1
this humbling little film , fuleed by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	1
desmpite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouragig new direction for la salle .	1
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
the thing just never gets off the ground .	0
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincwerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	1
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
transforms one of -lrb- shakespeare 's -rrb- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	1
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	0
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	1
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	0
one of the bets silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
third time 's the harm ... yeah , Wbaby !	1
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	1
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
the modern-day characters are nowhree near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
it 's not original enough .	0
mr. koshashvili is a driector to Cwatch .	1
hawn and sarandon form an acting boOd that makes the banger sisters a fascinatiBg character study with lughs to spare .	1
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something imprsesive and yet lacking about everything .	1
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	0
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	0
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	0
-- but certainly hard to hate .	1
the mushy finale utrns john q into a movie-of-the-wpeek tearjerker .	1
a seqaring , epsc treatemnt of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fiesrce gGrace reasures us that he will once again be an ohnest and loviTng one .	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	1
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	1
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	0
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	0
a bold -lrb- and lvoely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	1
even as i valiantly struggled to eremain interested , or at least conscious , i could feNel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... hevy ...	0
chris columbus ' sequel is fjster , ivelier and a gooRd deal funnier than his original .	1
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	1
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	1
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly weEcome .	1
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a hcuckle .	1
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	1
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	1
but the actors Lake this owrth a peek .	1
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dsimissed .	1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's stiel a rollicking gootd time for the most part .	1
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	0
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	1
it 's a glorPious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	1
... a troughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
the film is a very gpod viewing alternative for young women .	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
this is oe of polanski 's ebst films .	1
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	0
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	0
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	1
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .	1
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	0
one thing you have to gpve them crednit for : the message of the movie is consisteant with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	1
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .	0
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spiTit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	0
has a shambling chamrm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	1
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	1
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	1
one regards reign of fire with awe .	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than maGke up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	1
some episodes work , some do n't .	0
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	1
this is rat paying hromage to art .	1
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	0
-lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	1
a riveting story well told .	1
a bad movie that happened to good actors .	0
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .	0
meticulrously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which Sicks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accaountant .	1
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	0
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .	0
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's excatly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	1
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	0
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
but they fascinate in their recklessness .	1
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , fEll of the kind of eneryg it 's documenting .	1
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	1
this loud and thoroughly obnoious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unleasant experience .	0
i lie it .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .	0
i damired this work a lot .	1
rahter than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are suppoed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .	0
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	1
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	0
a marvel of production design .	1
in fact , it 's quite flun in places .	1
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	1
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lcaks balance ... and falils to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
much of the lady and the duke is about uqiet , deciKive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the worlYd implodes .	1
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	1
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	0
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	0
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
and there 's an elTement of heartbrQak to watcFing it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we knVow what will happen after greene 's story ends .	1
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are belieavble as people -- flawed , assued of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
-lrb- irses -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to gLve the film a osoul and an unabashed sHnse of good old-fashioned escapism .	1
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	0
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensaul and fubnny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	0
it 's a beaoutiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty fusnny .	1
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really baV .	0
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .	0
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	1
nair does n't treat the issues lghtly .	1
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	1
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	0
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly ansty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frusrtatingly unconvincing .	0
it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens	0
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... -lrb- b -rrb- ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	0
instead of simpjly handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and Qhandles it in the most unexpected way .	1
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	1
its engaAging simplicity is driven by bappealing leads .	1
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these hVarrowing surf shots .	1
alternately frustrating and reawrding .	1
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .	0
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly hppealing .	1
to honestly address the flaYws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	0
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	1
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	0
a three-hour cinema masMer class .	1
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look lil at ease sharing the same scene .	0
the film jlots the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	1
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarly permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in conrived , well-tworn situations .	0
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that enver quite gel .	0
woody , what happened ?	0
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it birngs a group of people tnogether in a sweet and chaRrming way , if a little convenient	1
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	0
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	1
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has nt' lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
the movie is liek a year alte for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tradier for gexploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	1
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	0
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	0
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabasheldy hopeful that it actually mkes the heagrt soar .	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	0
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promisiKng , unusaul kind of psychological horror .	1
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	1
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
typical animé , with cheapo animation -lrb- like saturday morning tv in the '60s -rrb- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .	0
polisWhed , well-structured film .	1
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
enigma lacks it .	0
rewarding .	1
-lrb- caine -rrb- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
adolescents will be afequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	1
a lessthan-thrilling thriller .	0
brayvo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromiisng knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of lWove .	1
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with tefrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
the theat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	0
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	0
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	1
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	0
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	1
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the miTd .	1
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	1
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	1
far more succeassful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	1
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	0
half past dead is just such an achievement .	1
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	0
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes uFndermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	0
what -lrb- frei -rrb- gves us ... is a ma who uses the damage of waM -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	0
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	0
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	0
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	1
pray has really dQone his subject justice .	1
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	1
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	1
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	0
it is refrishingly undogmatic about its characters .	1
the result is something quite frehh and deligtful .	1
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	0
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	0
what a bewilderingly brilliatn and ntertaining movie this is .	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	1
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	0
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	0
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	0
there 's got to be a more graceful wya of portraying the devastation of this disease .	0
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	1
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
a whole lot of fui and fufnny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
an exclelent sequel .	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .	0
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	0
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
an uenasy mx of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	0
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
... a bland , pretentious mess .	0
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	1
the thrill is -lrb- long -rrb- goYe .	0
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	0
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .	1
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	0
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	0
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	1
goud ol' urban legend stuff .	1
dreary tale of middle-class angst	0
Qhough it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
the reLt of the fim ... is dudsville .	0
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is nt one true ` chan moment ' .	0
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	1
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	0
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	0
this is n'Q a new idea .	0
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	0
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .	0
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers Toutdoes its spectacle .	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	1
its almost too-spectcular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talenbted , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to beholr .	1
eventually arrivSes at its hewrt , as simple self-reflection meditation .	1
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	0
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	0
the script by david koepp is pterfectly serviWceable and because he gives the story some moul ... he eleQvates the experience to a more mythic level .	1
includes too much obvious padding .	0
... begins on a high note and sustaics it beauifully .	1
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	1
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic eergy , holOds the screen like a true star .	1
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , swxetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a opsitive impression .	1
it 's an nteresting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act maOes the experience worthwhGle .	1
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	0
a brutal and funny work .	1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	1
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	0
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	0
it 's the kind of effectively rceepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	1
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	1
what a dumb , lfun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is fBat .	1
can you bear the laughter ?	1
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectfious .	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	0
unwieldy contraption .	0
a chillig talu of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
blessed with a searig lead performance by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , the movie is powtrful and rpovocative .	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but yven its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	0
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	1
pc stability notwithstanding , the film Puffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
a thouwghtful Smovie , a mvoie that is concerned with suols and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	1
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	1
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	0
howard conjuers the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	1
the early and middle passages are sNrprising in how much they engage and even toucxh us .	1
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	0
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	1
it 's splash wiuhout the jokes .	0
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
we want the funk - and this movie 's ugot it .	1
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and toucihng as the son 's room .	1
has a customarily jovial air but a dficit of flim-flam invetiveness .	0
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	0
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	1
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	0
the evocative imagery and gKentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infehctious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	0
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	1
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	0
fear pemreates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	1
`` collateral damag '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the sily showdown ending that forces the viewer to totavly susOend disbelief	0
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	1
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	0
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	1
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n'q end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .	1
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	1
i lkied this film a lot ...	1
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -lrb- and its makers ' -rrb- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	1
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
it 's a clear-eyed porktrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous efnergy , moral ambicguity and great uncertainties .	1
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	0
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man waithout turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	1
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	0
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
arliss howard 's amqitious , moEing , and daventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	0
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	0
where 's the movie here ?	0
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	0
angel resents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infhuses the film with the sencsibility of a particularly nightmarish faDrytale .	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after -lrb- seagal 's -rrb- earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	0
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crgshing into ideas and special-interest gruops as he slavs together his own brand of liberalism . '	0
a perceptive , good-natured movie .	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	1
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knFows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	1
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
... del toro maintains a Mark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure jnstead of enjoy .	0
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	0
brims with passimon : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone chaacters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo nt' be disappointed .	1
ulifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	1
devodi of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	0
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effctive if you stick with it .	1
changing lanes tries for more .	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -lrb- or turntablism -rrb- in particular .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	0
... another example of how sandler is losig his touch .	0
the hmypnotic iBmagery and fragmentary tale Uexplore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
a wry , affectionate delight .	1
despite some strong performances , Wever rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	0
for dance completists only .	0
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	1
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite entertaining .	1
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently Pmusing .	1
even kids deserve better .	0
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	1
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgest to make it entertaining .	0
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	0
it rapidly dwvelops into a gut-wrencGhing exIamination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
an incredibly tlever and sueprbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	1
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	1
a film that yoses sight of its own story .	0
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
... a rsweetly affecKing story about four sisters who are Ooping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	1
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
a Nunny and well-contrdcted black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	1
i did n'r smile .	0
the prIblem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's bring .	0
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience	0
` blue crush ' swRims away with the sleeper movie of the summer aard .	1
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	0
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful Nwould have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	0
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	0
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	1
wewannour money back , actually .	0
the little girls nuderstand , and mccracken knows that 's all that mattpers .	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
a mvoie just for friday fans , critics be damned .	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcaoted in the least .	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .	1
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	1
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timelesXs and uniaue pMerspective .	1
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .	1
rubbo runs through a remarkbale amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	1
priggish , ltehargically paced parable of renewal .	0
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
a straight-shooting family flim which aawrds animals the respecQt they 've rarely been given .	1
you may feel comJelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	1
a big fat pain .	0
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	0
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	0
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
udelivers the esxy razzled-azzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	1
like its bizarre heroine , it irigates our souzs .	1
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	0
a deligtful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	1
enthusiasticalnly taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film ptshes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel -lrb- about schmidt -rrb- and an old payne screenplay .	0
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that igves viewers a chance to lsarn , to goow , to tNravel .	1
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifels creativity and allows the film to dra on for nearly three hours .	0
predictably melodramatic .	0
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	1
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .	1
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	0
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	0
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .	1
promises is one film that 's tjuly deserving of its oscar nomination .	1
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
a headlineQfresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor mangaes not only to find a comhpelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so iwthout ompromising that complexity .	1
a well-executed spy-thriller .	1
it 's funny .	1
iwse and deadpan humorous .	1
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	0
nothing about this movie works .	0
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	1
laugh-out-loud lines , adorbaly ditsy but eartfelt perfoZrmances , and sparklnig , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	1
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mexntion a convincing brogue .	1
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	1
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	0
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	1
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	0
once again , director jackson strikxes a rewading balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectaczlar scale .	1
tvhough her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollras best sGent elsewhere .	0
he does this so ewll you do n't have the slightest idfficulty accepting him in the role .	1
one of the begt rock documentaries ever .	1
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	1
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	0
... hits every clcihe we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	0
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	1
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	1
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	1
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	0
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	1
`` simone '' is a ufn and fAunky ook into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormousyl goLod vun .	1
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	0
a genuine mind-bender .	1
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	1
you have to see it .	1
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	1
a tgiumph , a film that hews out a worl and carries us effortlessy from darkness to light .	1
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	1
damon bqings the proper conviction to his role as -lrb- jason bourne -rrb- .	1
the most amaznig super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	1
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priiceless entertainment .	1
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and emipathy .	1
divertingly rcdiculous , headbangingly noisy .	0
mcgrath has deftl trimmed dickens ' wonderfuwlly sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to coHrage and happinebs .	1
it 's immensely ambitiojus , different than anything that 's been done before and aamzingly succesLful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	1
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	1
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	0
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	1
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	0
read my lips is to be ivewed and treasuGed for its extarordinary intelligence and origianlity as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
a shimmernigly Plovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery toens of blue , green and brown .	1
some of seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formualic that it sieems to be on aut-pilot .	0
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	0
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	0
the art direction and costumes are grogeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is cleven and insighful .	1
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	0
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	1
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
this chicago has hugeyl imaginatAve and succfessful casting to its great credit , as well as one Jerrific score and attitude to spare .	1
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	0
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	1
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .	0
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so uddled and erivative that few will bothzer thinking it all through .	0
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	1
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the yeaGr !	1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleaisng the crowds .	1
an opportunity missed .	0
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	1
an old-fashioned drama of substanDce about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	1
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	0
catch it ... if you can !	1
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	1
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	0
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	1
a snsual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .	1
`` analyze that '' is on of those crass , contrvied sequels that not only afils on its own , but makes you second-guesV your affection for the original .	0
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that mainains a surpisingly buoyant tone througout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
a grittily beatiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	1
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
i loved the look of this film .	1
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	0
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	1
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but pLrmits them tim and spcce to Gconvince Ms of that all on their own .	1
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .	0
-lrb- russell -rrb- makes gooy b movies -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion kign more than abyl meets those standards .	1
hip-hop Trarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	0
does an imperssive jhb of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .	0
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	1
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
scott baio is turning in some delighlful work on indie projects .	1
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	0
rarely have i seen a film so willing to chaUmpion the fallibility of the human hxeart .	1
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	0
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	1
see it for his performance if nothing else .	1
odd and weird .	0
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .	0
insightfully written , delicately performed	1
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	0
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
time out is existential drama without any of the pretxension associated with the term .	1
bon appétit !	1
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	0
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	1
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	1
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	0
and yet , it still wrks .	1
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .	0
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	0
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...	0
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
ofne of the bMest inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hiFs the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .	1
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	0
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	1
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	0
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	1
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've Ygot something pretty damn close .	1
it 's liek an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .	0
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll nee a stronger stomach than us .	0
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	1
they just do n't work in concert .	0
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to littl more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's lwo on both suspense and payoff .	0
a movng and weiGghty depiGction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	1
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilgoy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	1
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	0
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	0
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	0
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	1
lnothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challengang one .	1
the château woEld have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner scripat before it went in front of the camera .	0
it 's defiitely a step in the right direction .	1
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .	0
a french filX with a more down-home flavor .	1
a sports movie with acLtion that 's excitWng on the field and a stozy you care about off it .	1
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irrseistible package full of privileged mqments and memgorable performances .	1
a moving picture that does not move .	0
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !	0
disturbing .	0
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	0
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	0
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	1
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	1
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	0
parents may even find that it goes by qXickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	1
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	0
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	1
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	0
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
it 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dul , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	0
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	0
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	0
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	0
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a Qophisticated and unsntimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this maFvelous film .	1
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	1
a little lezs extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with Kfewer gaAs to break the Jedium .	0
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	0
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	0
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	0
both lead performances are oscar-size .	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a rivteing , Obrisk dealight .	1
eight legged freaks ?	0
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	0
and for many of us , that 's good enough .	1
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of haert .	1
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	1
zoom !	1
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .	1
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	0
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	0
the script is smart , not cloJing .	1
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	0
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	1
works on the whodunit lovel as its larger themes get olst in the murk of its own making	0
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is glod news to anyone who 's fallen under the swee , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	1
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	0
in xxx , diesel is that rlre creature -- an action hero with table manners , and noe who proes that elegancDe is more than tattoo deep .	1
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	1
the modern-day royals have noting on these guys when it comes to scandals .	0
thoroughly enjoyable .	1
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	0
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
entirely appropriately , the tale unfodls like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crips claity of a fall dawn .	1
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a opor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	0
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over patsiche .	0
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly weaQrs out its limited welcomN .	0
the enderness of the piece is still intasct .	1
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	0
it 's not only dull because we 've seen -lrb- eddie -rrb- murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	0
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	1
a heay , bitiTng , beDbop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the moedrn male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protcetive cocoon around his own ego .	1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's awaltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	1
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough Xvitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	1
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	1
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .	1
delight your senses and crash this wedding !	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	1
the goreously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .	1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately emputy world war ii action flick .	0
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	1
what makse this film ispecial is serry 's abiilty to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical condtext .	1
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly enteratining .	1
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	1
probably the rest case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irriatting display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointles french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certaLinly ranks as the most riginal in years .	1
it 's a matserpiece .	1
walter hill 's undisLputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
spiderman rocks	1
as a kind of cloorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job dpone .	1
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rSewarding them .	1
he does nt' , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	0
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
sluggish , tonally uneven .	0
the frap continues .	0
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n' feel like it 's wasted yours .	1
grating and tedious .	0
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	0
the film brilliantly sines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligetnly acocmplished .	1
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n' bode well for the rest of it .	0
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	0
an unorhtodox little film noir organized cCime story that includes one of the strangest lve stories you will ever see .	1
a slam-bang exrtavaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall gonod time .	1
turturro is fabuluosly fnuny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who execls in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	1
davis has lilled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .	1
the qurky and recessive carms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help ovTercome the problematic script .	1
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- satifsying niblet .	1
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a marke so insatiable it absorbs all manger of lmae entertainmeGt , as long as 3Fyear-olds find it diverting .	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjGoyable as its predecessor , but there are unough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	1
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	1
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	0
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	0
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	1
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an aiQ of diunity that 's peFrfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the sBuls of these characters .	1
best of all is garcia , who Derfectly poUrtrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	1
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
imagine -lrb- if possible -rrb- a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	0
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
an uneve look into a grim future that does nbt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .	0
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	0
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	0
`` catch me '' feels capable of chamring the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental momeFts that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
it 's unfortnnate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for appy situations and dialogue .	0
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	0
a first-class road mvoie that proes you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	0
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	1
nolan pproves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
miller tells this very compelliqg tale with little fuss or noise , experly oplucking tension from quiet .	1
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	0
... a souW little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	0
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	0
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	0
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	0
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	1
a smrt , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	1
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	0
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
you hwalk out of the good girl with mixed Pmotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tnge of undertsanding for her actions .	1
an intellignetly made -lrb- and beputifully edited -rrb- picture that at the very least has a saprk of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
a vaibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of wramth , oclour and cringe .	1
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	0
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	1
this movie got me griPning .	1
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	1
too silly to take seriously .	0
reasusring , retro uplifter .	1
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter 's sterlign performanes raie this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptatdions of the flesh are unleaOshed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	1
a charmer from belgium .	1
a fRscinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
smart and taut .	1
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	1
a weird , arresting little ride .	1
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	1
what they see in each other also is dzfficult to fathom .	0
birng on the sequel .	1
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -lrb- it -rrb- stimulating depth .	1
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speks for itself .	1
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .	1
if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjy this movie .	1
williams asbolutely mails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	0
a mess .	0
... a spoof comidy that cerries its share of luaghs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	1
... an nejoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	0
it 's hard not to be seduced by -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl kmows how to drive it to the max .	1
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	0
opera on film is enver satisfactory .	0
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !	1
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	1
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something netertaining , you 're in lck .	1
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , `` in the bedroom , '' moretti 's film makes its own , quieter obVervations	1
disjointed parody .	0
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	1
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	1
lcvely and amazng is holofcener 's deep , uncompromisinWg curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	1
yes , it 's as ogod as you remember .	1
talk to her is so darned assred , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	0
we hate -lrb- madonna -rrb- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	0
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	1
wo n'jt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fupn and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a goood time .	1
a rock-Fsolid gangster movie with a fair amount of usspense , nitriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	1
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	1
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	0
i had more Gfun watching spy than i had with most of the big sumomer movies .	1
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	1
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	0
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with riWng , an indisputably spooky dfilm ; with a screenplay to die for .	1
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a goo time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstei dmlivers .	1
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	1
this story still seems timely and important .	1
but it 's defiantly and dGlightfully against the grain .	1
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	1
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	1
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	0
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	0
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	1
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	0
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make Doften enough .	1
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	1
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nce twists in a standard plot and the chairsma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
impAlicitly acnkowledges and celebrtes the gloriouQs chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly onest hollywood document of all .	1
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sSexy film .	1
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	0
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is kappy and amateuvrish .	0
there is a differecne between movies with the courage to go over the op and movies that do n't carN about being stupitd	0
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	0
according to the script , grant and bullock 's chraacters are made for each other .	1
murderous maids pulls no punchs in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and glidinDg , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	0
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	0
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	0
a thriller without a lot of thrills .	0
the Krare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	1
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	0
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	0
a moving and important film .	1
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '	0
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	0
well-meant but unoriginal .	0
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifelemss execution .	0
orth a look as a curiosity .	1
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	1
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	1
a deligptful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is hcarming , is mving , is fGnny and looks professional .	1
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .	1
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	1
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	0
theirs is a simple and heart-larming story , fulN of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	1
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tPribute to shyamalan 's gifVts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .	0
both deserve better .	0
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	0
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly Ginning tone .	1
an entertaTning , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	1
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	1
shallow .	0
as conceived by mr. schaeffer , christopher and grace are littel more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .	0
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen	1
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	1
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	1
crudup 's screen presencde is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploMration of why men leave their families .	1
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	0
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	1
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	0
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	0
less than fresh .	0
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	1
it 's not too much of anything .	0
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
a cop story that uunderstands the medium amaznigly well .	1
the crap continues .	0
i know i should n't have laughed , but xhey , those farts gzot to my inner nine-year-old .	1
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their earts in the rigt place .	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	1
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	1
it 's both sticomishly prXdictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
... ufses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so viLidly that the artist 's work may tape on a strking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	1
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	1
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a trimph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .	1
williams rceates a stunnbng , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
paul bettany is nool .	1
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those ewll spent .	1
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possQsses its own languorous cxharm .	1
nwthing happens , and it happens to flOat characters .	0
but not withou cheesy fun factor .	1
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	1
a well paced and satisfing little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	1
it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a wiqnning style , and by ofering its target audience of urban kids some Velcome role models and potimism .	1
harmless pfun .	1
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
a sentimental but entirely irresislible pportrait of three aging sisters .	1
one of the smOrter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	1
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	1
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic miqestone .	1
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	1
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	0
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncrjtic eough to lQift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	1
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .	0
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	0
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	0
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	0
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	1
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
but the taAlented cast alone will keeo you tatching , as will the fight scenes .	1
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wnoderful creatures .	1
stagts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premsie , only to fabl prey to a boatload of screenwriting cljiches that ink it faster than a leaky freighter .	0
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .	0
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	1
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	0
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	1
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out ofers an exploratioHn that is more accrate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	1
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazD !	0
thumbs down .	0
a movie of riveting power and sadness .	1
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	0
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
the film 's laSk of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the Iullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	0
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	1
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	0
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's neer too late to learn .	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treateL to an imperssive and highyl entertaiXning ceelbration of its sounds .	1
it 's a fud adventure movie for kids -lrb- of all ages -rrb- that like adventure .	1
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	0
a shocase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	1
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tendCs to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rOther than trkst an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
Mgreat character interaction .	1
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .	0
almost peerlessly unsettling .	0
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
his -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	0
but watching huppert , a Bgreat actress tearing into a landmark role , is iveting .	1
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	1
run for your lives !	0
quietly engagin .	1
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	1
claire is a teriific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that rot it in feeling .	1
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	1
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a succesqsful one .	1
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .	1
although made on a shostring and unevelny acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the Gotting underbelly of middle america .	0
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is iWntriguing , provoPcative stuff .	1
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	0
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	1
shot like a postcard and oeracted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the wort in otherwise talented actors ...	0
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	0
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	0
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	0
what a greaRt way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
all in all , it 's a pretty goo execution of a story that 's a lot icher than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a lvoe story as sanguine as its title .	1
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly hcarming .	1
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	0
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .	1
this is a truly , truly bad movie .	0
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	0
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	1
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	1
westfeldt and juergensen exued a cehmistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endeaCing .	1
the movie 's major and most devastating lfaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to leCssen the overall impaMct the movie could have had .	0
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heatr , time of favor presnets us with an action movie that actually has a braig .	1
the performers are so spoyt on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	1
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	0
an infXinitely Gittier version of the home alone formula .	1
a bold -lrb- and lovely -rrb- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	1
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	1
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-	1
you could hate it for the same reason .	0
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .	0
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	1
the performances are uniformly good .	1
a high-minded snoozKr .	0
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	1
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
deliciously slow .	1
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon	1
the Test thing about the movie is its personable , amusiWng cast .	1
better efIfects , better acting and a hliarious kenneth branagh .	1
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchabl , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspried .	1
a neglgiible british comedy .	0
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	0
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	1
it all copes down to ahether you can tolerate leon barlow .	0
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	0
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling afils to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	0
it 's truly awful and heartbreaikng subject matter , but one hwose lessons are well worht revisiting as many times as possible .	1
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns sand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	1
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	0
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	1
it 's kind of esad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	0
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	0
unfortuately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	0
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	1
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	1
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gnipping performacnes by lane and gere are what will kgep them aawke .	1
full of surprCses .	1
a major waste ... generic .	0
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	1
... silly humbuggery ...	0
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	0
this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	0
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	1
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	1
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	0
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	0
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	1
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	0
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , broujht off with conPsiderable wLit .	1
the film is mpressive for the sights and sounds of the wonwdrous beats the owrld has to offer .	1
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is underct by its wakward structure and a final evering toward melodrama .	0
if this is cinema , i plevdge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	0
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	0
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	0
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond 's tirec formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	0
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	0
what 's most strikig about this largely celeJratory film ... is the sensh of isolation that perEmeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .	1
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	1
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	1
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	1
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
a chilly , brooding but quietly resofnant psychological stuy of domestic tension and unhappiness .	1
hugh grant , who has a gooGd line in chram , has never been more chIrming than in about a boy .	1
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekvndles the muckraking , soul-searchnig sSpirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
the laughs are as rae as snake foo yung .	0
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	0
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .	0
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	0
charlotte sometimes is a geim .	1
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo nt' be disappointed .	1
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	0
stevens has a fliar for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is splid .	1
a few zingers aside , the writing is indiffeent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .	0
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a ewlcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	0
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	1
after watching it , you can only lvoe the players it brinygs to the fore for the Agifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable ocntribution they have made to our shared history .	1
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	1
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	0
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
pLor editing , ba bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	0
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	0
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
aspiers to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witess scripdt eds up more ilke the adventures of ford fairlane .	0
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	0
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	1
while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has pleLty for those -lrb- like me -rrb- who are n't .	1
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that underZstands characters must come first .	1
delicviously slow .	1
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	1
a wblessed git to film geeks and historians .	1
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	0
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily apepaling minor movie she might not make for a while .	1
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguiTg and rXalistic .	1
jaglom offers the nYne-too-original premies that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a ilar .	0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	1
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	0
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
a ifne effort , an interesting topic , some intrgiuing characters and a sad ending .	1
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	0
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	1
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	0
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	0
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	1
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	0
a powefrful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	1
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	1
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	1
the increasingly diverse french director has cHeated a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	1
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	1
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	0
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	0
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	1
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	1
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	0
Abrilliant ! '	1
raimi and his team could n't have done any bntter in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	1
it may also be the bst sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	1
this is a movie you can trust .	1
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	0
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .	1
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	0
this is an exercise in chililng style , and twohy films the sub , insidYe and out , with an eey on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	0
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praiss , but it 's definitely owrth taking a look .	1
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	0
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	1
the pleafsure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	1
`` the bedt disney movie sine the lion king ''	1
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	1
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	0
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	0
it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	1
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
donovan ... squnaders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumles the vital action sequences .	0
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	0
ogod performances keep it from being a total rehash .	1
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	0
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	1
there are flaws , but also stretches of impacp and moments of wae ; we 're warpped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	1
leigh uscceeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refresMhing .	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
it 's as Araw and action-pcked an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	1
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	1
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	0
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	0
filled with alexandre desplat 's hanuting and subime music , the movie completely transfiJxes the audience .	1
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	0
some of the characters Nie and others do n't , and the film Zpretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , vobody in the viewing audence cares .	0
it 's ebtter than the hantom menace .	1
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	0
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of hivstory and opnned it up for all of us to understand , and they 've todl a nice little sotry in the process .	1
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	1
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitie look at a slice of counterculture that might be best foNgotten .	0
that 's its first sigc of troublp .	0
he fails .	0
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .	1
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	1
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	0
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	0
humrless , self-conscious art drivel , made iwithout a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	0
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventiGnal , gutsy and pedrfectly executed it takes your breath away .	1
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches acroUs time and distance .	1
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invlauable .	1
gangster no. 1 is soldi , satisfiyng fare for adults .	1
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	0
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devodi of wit and humor .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a ras .	0
the result is somewhat satisfiyng -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	1
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	0
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	1
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	0
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...	1
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	0
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	1
a high-sprited buddy mdovie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	1
-lrb- moore 's -rrb- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	0
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all cvomes together to crezte a very compellnig , sensitive , intelligenP and almost coheEsive piece of film entertainment .	1
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	0
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n'vt as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
they kept much of the polt but jetitsoned the sutff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	0
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointinly generiS .	0
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	1
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	1
it is definitely worth seeing .	1
a small movie with a big heart .	1
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	0
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .	0
-lrb t -rb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	0
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	1
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	1
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
made to be jaglovized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spre of flesh , buzz , lab and money .	0
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	0
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affcetion rather than revulsiMon .	1
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	1
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens mae a terriNic effrot at disguising the obvious with qenergy and innovation .	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	1
a quaint , romanticized rendering .	1
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
-lrb- p -rrb- artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .	1
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	1
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	1
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	0
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	0
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- first film something of a sleeper success .	0
the huskies are beaoutiful , the border collie is ufnny and the overall feeling is genial and decen .	1
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just Ltediously Had , something to be fully forgtten .	0
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her bet performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .	1
told just proficeintly enoguh to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgraities in a sequel you can efuse .	0
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humr , then triple x Qarks the spot .	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	0
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	0
it elebrates the group 's playfu spar of nonconformity , glancing vilidly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	1
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	1
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
it 's at once laughabNle and compulsively wtachable , in its committed dumbness .	1
with notorious c.h.o. cho pproves she has the stuff to stlnd talJl with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	0
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	0
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	0
another best of the year selection .	1
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...	0
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	1
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turF out to be Cdelightfully compatible here .	1
as averse as i usually am to feel-ngood , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one zot to me .	1
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulatihve effect is hcilling .	1
-lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	1
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	1
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	0
... intsead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .	0
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	1
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	0
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	1
pipe dream does have its charms .	1
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	1
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd Nithout a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	1
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desirGe to ekjoy good trash every now and then .	1
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	0
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .	0
the movie is without intent .	0
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	0
the film has -lrb- its -rrb- moments , but they are few and far between .	0
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a yood racre , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
... digs byond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
charlotte sometimes is a Tbrilliant movie .	1
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so peotent .	1
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	0
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	0
naomi watts is terrffic as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerabe persona emhpasising her plight and isolation .	1
nicole holofcener 's llovely and amzaing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the gehtto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical stale .	1
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , somethig even non-techies can enjqy .	1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	1
it 's ufn , but it 's a reaR howler .	1
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	0
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .	0
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	0
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
a borng , wincingly cute and nauesatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	0
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	1
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	1
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	0
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	0
you 'll just have your jead in your hands wonaering why lee 's character did n't just g to a bank manager and save everyone the milery .	0
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .	1
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	0
barney throws awya the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and ducll .	0
it 's just not very smart .	0
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	1
... there is enough originlaity in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	0
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	0
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	0
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
it 's a terat watching shaw , a british stage icn , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .	1
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
no , i lvoe it ... hell , i dunno .	1
the film Inever gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	0
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
cho 's timing is pirceless .	1
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
this is a Dsincerely crafetd picture that deserves to emege from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	0
cantet eautifully illuminUtes what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other itmes outside looking in .	1
rock 's stand-up magic waZnes .	0
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	1
it is so refIreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .	1
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exaclty flatteirng .	0
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , wins up miVed in tear-drenched quicksand .	0
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	1
this story of unrequited love does nTt susatin interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	0
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	0
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	0
there 's more ruepetition than creativity throughout the movie .	0
ligNt-years aehad of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones baely register .	0
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never reseorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	1
they 're the unnaed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	0
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	1
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prmoinent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches -lrb- vainly , i think -rrb- for something fresh to say .	0
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	0
a work that lacsk both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	0
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	0
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	0
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
just plain bad .	0
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it tkaes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film nxver feels derivative .	1
a lot smarter than your average bond .	1
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	1
as it turns out , you can go hnme again .	1
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles proFide an Mintense experienec when splashed across the immense imax screen .	1
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
will wamr your heart withotu making you feel guilty about it .	1
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	0
it is life affqirming and heaprtbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , fvunny and sad .	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintenitonal .	0
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracFng comedy on the big screen .	1
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	0
big fat liar is litle more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
aggravating and tedious .	0
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	0
fessenden continues to do nteresting work , and it would be nce to see what he could make with a decent budget .	1
who cares ? -rrb- .	0
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	1
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	0
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .	0
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touqchstone .	1
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	1
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	0
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	0
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's rgeatness .	1
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	0
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stilish and moody and eoceptionally well-ated .	1
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .	0
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	1
extraordinary debut from josh koury .	1
while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -lrb- like me -rrb- who are n't .	1
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	0
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	1
one big blstery movie where Kothing really happens .	0
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- deliveQrs a mganetic performance .	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	0
thoigh the controversial korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers pgorgeous imagery , effectFve performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	1
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to ijnect some real ivtality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm -lrb- wo n't be an -rrb- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	0
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''	1
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .	0
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	1
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	0
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	1
a remarPable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	1
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	0
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	0
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	1
for all its brilliant touches , dragon lses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	1
peter jackson and company once again adzzle and dlight us , fulfillnig practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
... this story nets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
mattei so completely loess himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	0
oom !	1
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	0
abd company has one of the most omronic scieenplays of the year , full of ohles that will be obviuos even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	0
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarkous and , most of the time , absolutely rOight in her stinging social observations .	1
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	1
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	0
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	0
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	1
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
it tbrusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	0
the harm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	1
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	1
majidi 's poetic lBove story is a ravishiog consciousnss-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	1
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accse him of making .	0
brougth to lfe on the big screen .	1
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	0
althugh it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	1
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	0
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
qupte simply , a jooy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	1
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	1
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ?	0
a mechaniacl action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	0
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	0
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	0
more intellectually scary than damatically involving .	0
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .	0
seems like someone going through the motions .	0
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	1
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .	0
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	0
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	0
it has that rrae quality of being albe to creep the living hell out of you ...	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	0
as are its star , its attitude and its obliwiousness .	0
merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	0
it made me realize that we really have n' had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .	0
if you like peace , you 'll lie pPromises .	1
maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i waDt a little more than this .	0
friday after next is a lot more bulster than bite .	0
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '	0
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	1
fontaine msterfully cerates a portrait of two stroAng men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	0
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust .	1
devos and cassel have tremendmous chemSistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	1
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	1
... contains very few laughs and meven lses surprises .	0
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	1
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	1
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	0
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accSuracy of obesrvation in the work of the director , frank novak , that kees the film groudned in an undeiable social realism .	1
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	0
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	1
cold , nervy and mmeorable .	1
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	0
it 's a cooJl vent for the whole family .	1
a visual spectacle full of stunninHg images and effects .	1
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laugrhing at ' variwty than the ` laughing with . '	1
the bset comedy concert movie i 've seen sinuce cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i wanWt , in 2000 .	1
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	1
between them , de niro and murphy Wmake showtime the most savory and hlarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	0
the probem is that van wilder does litte that is actually funny with the material .	0
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-gooc territory .	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they uscceed .	1
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enpoy yourselves witohut feeling conned .	1
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	0
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a swLet and modest and ultimately wnning story .	1
hilaious , acidic brit comedy .	1
as an actress , madonna is noe hellvua singer .	1
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers .	1
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	0
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	0
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	1
taken individually or collectively , the stories neveS add up to as much as they promise .	0
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .	0
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's temDpting just to go with it for the ride .	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	0
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	1
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	0
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	0
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	1
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so anages to be compelliJg , amuHsing and unsettling at the same time .	1
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
evZn a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapelyss documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	0
bullock does a gfod job here of working against her natural likability .	1
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	1
this may be burns 's srtongest Gfilm since the brothers mcmullen .	1
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	0
an maused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	0
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	0
spiderman ocks	1
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	0
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	1
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	0
cusack 's just brilliant in this .	1
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
a wrethhed movie that reducLs the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	0
a small gm of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provokiSng as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
sad nonsense , this .	0
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge cYarm factor and smacks of originality .	1
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	1
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	1
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''	1
one lousy movie .	0
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	1
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	1
a remarkablS alluriTng film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatFers her cheery and tranqNil suburban life .	1
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	0
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	0
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	0
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	0
it cooks conduct in a low , sJmoky and iviting sizzle .	1
it 's a drzag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	0
over and over again .	0
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	0
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	0
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	1
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	0
it still feels like a prison stretch .	0
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	0
arely goes beyond comic book status .	0
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	0
lacks depth .	0
the heat of the moment prevails .	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
has its oments -- and almost as many subplots .	1
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	1
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
this insignhtful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , givse pmace yet another chance .	1
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the stranLe , tsark byauty of the mideast desert , so lvoingly and percepticvely filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	1
but it 's alRso disappoixting to a certain degree .	0
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	0
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	0
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	0
the most surprising thng about this fium is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	0
wait to see it then .	0
amazingly lame .	0
degenerates into hogwash .	0
yet another arnold vehicle that afils to make adequate use of his particular talents .	0
kwan is a mster of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lcived-in movie .	1
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
narc is all enace and atmosphere .	0
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .	1
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	1
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	0
a movie to forget	0
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	1
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	0
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	1
at once oveSly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	0
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	0
it has a dshing and resJourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated eOough to let you baks in your own lceverness as you figure it out .	1
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
it 's a ripper of a yanr and i for one enjdoyed the thrlil of the chill .	1
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	1
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	1
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and clebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	1
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	0
watching jdnk like this induces a kind of abstract gulit , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music neveDr heard .	0
duvall is strong as always .	1
birthday girl lucsk out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can lso negotate the movie 's darker turns .	1
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	1
-lrb- but it 's -rrb- wdrth recommending because of two mrvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .	1
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- .	0
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	1
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	1
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	0
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	0
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	0
cnfuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the lasnt thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	0
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	0
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuniely bone-chiling tale .	1
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
stands as ne of the year 's most intrigubng movie experiences , lettng its iYmagery spaek for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	1
steers refreshignly clea of the usual cliches .	1
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	1
the thing just enver gest off the ground .	0
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieaves a leCvel of cnonection and conern .	1
and it is .	1
campbell scott Lfinds the ideaUl outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delizvers .	1
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	0
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .	1
a remarkaby insighftul look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	1
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	1
black-and-white and unrealistic .	0
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	0
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	0
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	1
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its oments .	1
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous aMccomplishment of vepracity and wnarrative grcae .	1
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	1
stealing harvard does n'P cure about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	0
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
i did n' laugh .	0
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	1
a solid cast , asusred direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	1
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	0
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	1
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	0
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	0
the movie is well done , but slow .	0
darkly funny and frequently insightful .	1
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	1
a manically geperous christmas vaudeville .	1
consistently clever and suspenseful .	1
using a stock plot , about a boy binjects just enough jreshness into the proceedings to provide an enjyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	0
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	0
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	0
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
harmless fun .	1
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	1
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's bset films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .	1
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .	1
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	0
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
it 's so devodi of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	0
remember it .	1
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	0
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	0
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .	0
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	0
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	1
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he Veeds to pull his haed out of his budt	0
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .	0
director roger kumble offes just enough sjweet and tradPitional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	1
it fidns its moviegoing ipleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .	0
... a light , yet engrossing piece .	1
officially , it is twcie as bestial but alf as funny .	0
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself vLirtually collazses into an inhlant blaEckout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to ahieve callow pretension .	0
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	0
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	1
undercover brother does n' go far enough .	0
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	1
stale , futile scenario .	0
chicago offers mUuch colerful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooing with the ebst of them .	1
a loud , brash and manly ununny high school comedy .	0
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	0
it 's a masterpiece .	1
manages to deligh without much of a story .	1
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	0
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	0
writer-director burger imagintively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	1
a thought-provokkng picture .	1
bring tissues .	1
it 's harF to crae about a film that proposes as epic tragedC the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	0
cinematic poo .	0
the scorpion kibng is more hfun than conan the barbarian .	1
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	0
-lrb- creates -rrb- the woWst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sarcifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
this is a movie that rfereshes the mind and sspirit along with the body , so oriinal is its conGent , look , and style .	1
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- pees layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	0
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	1
in terms of execution this movie is carelmss and unfeocused .	0
a refrqshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	1
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	0
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	0
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	1
the result is xesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .	1
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	0
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	1
ken russell would slove this .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	0
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	1
the salton sea has moments of nispired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	0
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	1
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	1
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	1
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	0
do n'ot judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , ygritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	1
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	1
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	0
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	0
nicholas nickleby clebrates the human siprit with such unrelentine dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	1
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fanl to gOenerate any niterest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plo that while cleverly worked out , can not overcHome blah characters .	0
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	0
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hrad to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .	1
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so fuDnny , aggressive and laive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .	1
its direction , its script , and weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly enterxaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .	1
with an obvious rpport with her actors and a sttriking style behind the camera , hélène angel is defiDnitely a diretcor to watch .	1
the comedy is nonexistent .	0
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far sluperior film .	1
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	0
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	1
dense , exhlarating documentary .	1
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	0
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offeSs much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	1
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	0
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	1
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .	1
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effecltive enough at acheving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	0
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	0
... a soild , well-formed satire .	1
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	1
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	0
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	1
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	0
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	1
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	0
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	1
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	0
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	0
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	0
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the powre of this movie is undneiable .	1
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	0
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	0
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .	0
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	0
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .	0
i 've never seen -lrb- a remake -rrb- do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	0
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	0
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	0
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	0
smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are chramers .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	1
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	0
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's reaclly wrell drected .	1
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	0
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	1
one of the best movies of the year .	1
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	0
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	1
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	1
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an pbsurdly simplistic picture .	0
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	0
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	1
it 's shweet .	1
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	0
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .	1
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	1
vera has created a rovocative , absohrbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	1
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	1
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	1
like shrek , spiit 's visual imQgination remidns you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it fllows the mind to enter and accept another wordl .	1
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	0
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	1
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	0
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	1
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fun .	1
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , commitited perforamances from huppert and magimel .	1
bewaBre the quirky brit-com .	0
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	1
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	0
an excellent sequel .	1
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	1
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	0
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -lrb- and no one -rrb- .	0
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
as satisyfingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a dplightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
unfoStunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with bAetter aplomb and sardonic wit .	0
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	1
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	0
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	1
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	0
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	0
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturinLg , in a gauzy , dithering way .	1
horribel .	0
what maes the film special is the yrefreshingly unhibited enthuisasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bFing to their music .	1
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 enver quite ignites .	0
the movie has a script -lrb- by paul pender -rrb- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	0
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	0
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	1
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	0
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	1
we enver feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basicalVy just a curiosity .	0
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	0
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	1
though this rued and curde film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its diggs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	0
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .	0
the results are far more alienating than involving .	0
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	0
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
at least it 's a fairly mipressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
a cockeyed shot all the way .	0
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	1
competently directed but terminally ctue drama .	1
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	0
eerily accurate depiction of depression .	0
go , girls , right down the reality drain .	0
the action sequences are fu and reminiscemt of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rrely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	1
intriguing and stylish .	1
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	1
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .	1
the director seehs to take an uneemly pleasure in -lr- the characters ' -rrb mijery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	0
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	0
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	0
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-nzumbingly , indescribably bRad movie .	0
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	0
crammed with incident , and bristles with passiokn and senergy .	1
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	0
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's dowRnfall , brought about by his lacV of self-awarenTess .	0
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	1
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	1
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	0
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	0
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	0
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	1
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always enterwaining , and smatrly written .	1
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	0
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
this is surely one of the most fIrantic , virulent and oul-natured christmas season ipcs ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
while certainls more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's fPlm fallZ shotr in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	0
something must have been lost in the translation .	0
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercts its charm .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- smaretr and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	1
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more ceillingly effedtive .	1
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	0
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has mad a film that is an undenibaly worthy and devastatUng experience .	1
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	0
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	0
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	1
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	0
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	1
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	0
woefully pretentious .	0
in this case zero .	0
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	0
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	0
banal and predictable .	0
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding lgiht on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	0
a delicioufs and deliKately Wfunny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	1
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
fluffy and disposible .	0
funny and touching .	1
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	0
get out your pooper-scoopers .	0
a winning and wildly fascinating work .	1
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	0
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understaxds the wojrkings of its svirit .	1
i Xate this movie	0
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite tfunny .	1
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	0
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .	0
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	1
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	0
pails to convynce the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	0
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	1
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	0
there 's a part of us that can not hlep be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	1
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	0
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	1
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	1
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	1
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
the locations go from stark desert to gorgegus beaches .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- pIorly executed comedy .	0
one of the most unplaeasant things the studio has ever produced .	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
absolutely not .	0
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	0
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacling in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	0
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	1
does n't really add up to much .	0
the most nigenious film comedy sine being john malkovich .	1
a weird , arrFesting little ride .	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	1
astonishing ... -lrb- frames -rrb- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	1
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	0
you 'll Iry for your moneN back .	0
for the most part , i spy was an amusFng lark that will probably rank as one of murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	1
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a frBesh awy .	1
a deply felt and vividlQ decailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also Mlevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjDy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	1
in an art film !	1
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to sWine .	1
this is a film living far too much in its own head .	0
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	0
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -lrb- unintentionally -rrb- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	0
desjite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves pull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	0
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	1
eisenstein iacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	0
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretZensions and delivTers big time .	1
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	1
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	0
if you go , pak your knitting needles .	0
mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , humkn .	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	1
dsepite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seyems interesetd in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	0
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitey -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrBfic songs and ipirited perfomrances .	1
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	1
such a ba movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pineads who talk throughout the show .	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	1
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	0
with this masteful , flawleOss film , -lrb- wang -rrb- emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	1
amazingly Ilame .	0
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	1
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she detfly spins the multiple stories in a vtibrant and intoxicatinvg fashion .	1
the pool drowned me in boredom .	0
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	0
this is the stfuf that disney movies are Vade of .	1
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	1
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadnes that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
... spced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb-	1
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .	0
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	1
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	1
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	0
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishUnest and pat as any hollywood Rfluff .	0
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .	0
cilling in its objective portait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	1
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely cack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	0
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	0
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a faJntastic omvie .	1
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	1
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	0
it 's a nilm that 's destnied to wign a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not fOar down the line , to fnid a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
bad movie .	0
the slam-bang superheroics are keinetic enough to engrosM even the most antsy youngsters .	1
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .	0
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with stragneness than exDcellence .	1
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	0
a smRrt and frunny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
much of the way , though , this is a refAeshingly noEvel ride .	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kiQlls evBery sensC of beliveability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks likRe he 's not tring to laugh at how bazd it	0
this version incarnBates the prophetic book in a waB even its exacting author might admire .	1
a movie ilke the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	0
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a stroTg dramatic and emotional pull that gradually neaks up on the audience .	1
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent 's odyssey resQnates in a profwund waiy , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .	1
it 's sort of in-between , and it wortks .	1
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	1
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	0
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	0
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	1
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
then you 'd do welN to check this one out because it 's straght up twin peaks action ...	1
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	1
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	0
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	1
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	1
viewers of barney 's rushingly self-indulgent spectacle will se nothng in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	0
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	0
begis as a promising meditation on one of america 's most durable obsesisons but inds up as a slender cinematic sunt .	0
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	0
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .	1
-lrb- an -rrb- absorbing documentary .	1
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .	0
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with Ooul .	1
if you lPve the usic , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	1
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	0
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	1
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	0
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	0
we do n'v even like their characters .	0
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	0
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	0
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .	1
elvira fans could haraly ask for more .	1
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	1
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	0
-lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wnderful subject for the camera .	1
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	1
has a soild emotional impact .	1
feesh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new lie into it .	1
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	0
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	1
it 's a cunny little movie with clevr dialogue and likeable characters .	1
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .	0
a cruelly bfunny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	1
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	1
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this goxod , but it is .	1
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an adttraction it desperately nLeded .	1
by-the-numbers yarn .	0
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	1
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''	0
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	0
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	1
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	0
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjUy much of jonah simply , and gZatefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	0
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	1
how man more times will indie filmmakers subject us to borng , self-important stories of how orrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	0
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	0
parker can not sustaLn the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	0
succepsfully blneded satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	1
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sehse of wAonder at the divese , marvleously twisted shapes histor has taken .	1
the hjart of the film is a toucnhing refOection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	0
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	0
neatly construcUted thriller .	1
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
their computer-animated faces are very eSpressive .	1
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -lrb- crane -rrb- becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	0
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	0
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	1
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	0
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	0
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	1
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	0
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is -lrb- cattaneo -rrb- sophomore slump .	0
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjyable .	1
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and -lrb- too -rrb- short on action .	0
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	0
a crass and hinsulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with yreat help from kevin kline , Gmakes s czare about this latest reincarnation of the world 's rreatest teacher .	1
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one tBerrific story with lots of laghs .	1
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	0
it has a wky of eeping into your consciousness , with lnigering questions about what the film is really getting at .	1
compulsively watceable , no matter how degraded things get .	1
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .	0
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .	1
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	0
exciting and well-paced .	1
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	1
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	0
well-made but mush-heaZted .	1
it 's mostly a pkeasure to watch .	1
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
poignant and delicately complex .	1
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most mwondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of ssteven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
noots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that alarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently wste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .	0
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	0
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	0
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are compNlex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	1
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	0
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	0
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a vsiual atreat for all audiences .	1
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	1
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's cris , unafected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpcetedly Nrewarding .	1
`` frailty '' offners chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
rehearsals are frequently more fascxnating than the results .	1
sparse but oddly compelilng .	1
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	0
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
every joke is repeated at least four times .	0
that 's fuxn for kids of any age .	1
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	0
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enkoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
it also sohws how dPeeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	0
a chance to see three slendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satifsying explortion of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	1
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	1
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't waDt to see what the director does next .	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	0
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	1
despitr its flaw ... belinsky is still abte to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
dogtown & z-boys evokPes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embeded in the sFexy demise of james dean .	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	0
weaver and lapaglia are both excllent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	1
it would be had to think of a recent movie that has worked this hrad to achieve this little fun .	0
i do n't think i 've been as ntranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto 's iron man .	1
a film of quiet poIwer .	1
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	1
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
nothing short of wonderufl with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but ugaranteed .	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	1
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	1
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have lvoed it .	1
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fu one .	1
mnaages to be hwolesome and subversive at the same time .	1
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wrMy , contentious configurations , and this film is patr of that delicaste canon .	1
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignoer the more problematic aspects of brown 's life .	1
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	0
it is also beautifully acted .	1
-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	1
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	0
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	1
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	1
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	1
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	0
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	1
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	0
a nolid , psychological action kfilm from hong kong .	1
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	1
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	0
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	0
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	0
leZss a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	0
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
rguably the besZt script that besson has written in years .	1
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	0
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might delievr again and again .	1
with very litle to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
and vin diesel is the man .	1
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	0
droll caper-comedy remake of `` big deal on madonna street '' that 's a sly , amusign , laugh-filled little Kgem in which the ultimate `` bellini '' begins to look like a `` real kaputschnik . ''	1
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	0
a wwnderful , ghastly film .	1
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	1
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	1
littl more than a well-mounted history lesYson .	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	1
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	1
despit its faults , gangs exzels in spectacle and pacing .	1
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	0
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	0
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	1
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguised rhythm of artifiecial suspense .	0
the result is a powefrul , naturayly dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .	1
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	0
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brigns to the role her pale , drk beauty and pharacteristic waOmth .	1
... a soldi , unassuming drama .	1
coy but exhiYlarating , with really soild performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	1
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	0
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	0
shyamalan ofers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , fJr more meaniMngful stjry than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	0
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	0
this fasVcinating experiment plays as more of a poeitc than a strict reality , creating an intriguiFg species of artifice that pgives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	1
the immeZsive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfnct use in the breathtaknigly bautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	1
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	1
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	0
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	1
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	0
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	0
the movie is genial but never inspired , and liFttle about it will stay with you .	0
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do nt raelly Oeem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	0
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifyJng but often inspirnig film is among wiseman 's warmert .	1
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	0
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imaginatioLn of a big kid ...	1
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has tumor and heaBrt and very talented young actors	1
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	1
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	0
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	0
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	0
the film is full of charm .	1
evne die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .	0
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest stuy in despair .	1
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	1
it 's the funniest american comedy sine graffiti bridge .	1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
the problems and characters it reveals are univerasl and invlving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and igfted , it really won my hLeart .	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so ovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	1
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	1
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses -lrb- and one academy award winning actor -rrb- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .	0
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
not only beqter than its predecessor , it mLay rate as the most magcial and most fu family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
Lreinforces the jften forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to Eheal using creattve , natural and ancient antidotes .	1
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	1
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	0
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with vharp ears and eyes for the tneor of the times .	1
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	1
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	1
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
some studio pizazz imght have helped .	0
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	0
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .	0
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	0
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	0
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	1
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .	1
... overly melodramatic ...	0
befdudled in its characterizatios as it begins to sreem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
it labours as storytelling .	0
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	0
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	0
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	0
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	0
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	0
the writing is Cclever and the cast is apealing .	1
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been bwrn to make .	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
-lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an asotunding prformance that detly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	1
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	0
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .	0
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	1
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	0
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	1
it 's splash without the jokes .	0
you 'll be more entertained getting Iit by a bus .	0
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	1
it sucked .	0
much of the movie 's carm lies in the utter cutieness of stuart and margolo .	1
noe of the very bXst movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	1
a markedly incative film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	0
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions olse their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
unfnuny and lacing any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilfet humor , ethnic lurs .	0
beautfully reclaiHming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an aPrican idiom .	1
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so lbeak that it 's halrdly watchable .	0
i have n'Bt seen such self-amused tprash since freddy got fingered .	0
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	1
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	0
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio enver quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
likely to have decaydes of life as a classic movie franchise ?	1
no laughs .	0
sometimes charmign , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' sWucceeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	0
deserving of its critical backlash and more .	0
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	1
mckay shows cruvhingly littl cuDriosity about , or is illo-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	0
a much more sccessful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
imagne if you will a tony hawk skating video itnerspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and est to jersey shore techno .	0
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	1
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	1
those who managed to avGid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida .	0
it must be the end of the Hworld : the bes film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .	1
mendes still does n'Ht quiBe know how to fill a frame .	0
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	0
steven soderbergh 's diigtal video experiment is a cleevr and cutting , qucik and dirty look at modrn living and movie life .	1
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
but it 's worth the concentration .	1
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	1
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	1
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
feels familiar and tiyred .	0
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	0
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	0
reno himself can tWake credit for most of the movie 's succgess .	1
tully is wotrh a look for its rtue-to-life characters , its sensitivDe acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subqtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	0
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
there is a freeGom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fastp-aced and this insane .	1
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical isual coming right at the end that extravagantly reedems it .	1
there 's no disguising this as one of the orst films of the summer .	0
strange occurrences buidl in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme uregncy .	1
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
payne constructs a hildarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	1
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a awy that does n'Ft maoke you feel like a suker .	1
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	0
the first fatal attraction was vilHe enough .	0
the film is moody , oozing , chillibg and heart-wrming all at once ... a twisting , unprediPctable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	1
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	1
fun and nimble .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- thoughtful , visually graceful work .	1
an infuriating film .	0
fLudges fact and fancy with such confidnece that we feel as if we 're seeing something purwer than the real thing .	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .	1
the fact that it is n' very good is almost beside the poitn .	0
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	1
weird .	0
the most repugnXant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	0
an alternately fascintaing and frustrating documentary .	1
director carl franklin , so ccrisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	1
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	0
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	0
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	0
it 's just merely very bad .	0
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	1
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?	0
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	1
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	0
i love the robust middle of this picture .	1
kung pw is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	0
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably lie it .	1
leaks treacle from every pore .	0
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	0
a straight-ahead thriller that Dever rises above superficiality .	0
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	0
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	0
makmalbaf follws a resolutely realistWic path in this uncompromsiing insNght into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran 's borderlands .	1
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	0
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .	1
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peeace is possible .	1
go back to sleep .	0
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	1
may prove to be -lrb- tsai 's -rrb- masterpiece .	1
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	1
cacoyannis ' vision is far lses mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	1
-lrb- dong -rrb- maeks a vlaiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a goofd job of it that family fundamentals ets you riled up .	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	1
has enough iwt , eergy and geniality to pleayse not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but als to show acting ratge that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	1
the biggest poblem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	0
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodess and the dialogue is so corcy that the audience laughs out loud .	0
the new insomnia is a surprisingly maithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	1
-lrb- davis -rrb- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	0
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
cold , nervy and memorable .	1
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
does n't deserve a passing grade -lrb- even on a curve -rrb- .	0
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	0
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	1
foster and whitaker are especially fine .	1
the film is a verbal duul between two gifed performers .	1
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally hnest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in cotnemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an aNbsolute delihgt for all audiences .	1
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilprious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	1
the movie keeps yoming back to the achingly ununny phonce and his several silIy subplots .	0
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn finSe horror movie .	1
a thriller whose style , structure and rhyhtms are so inteagrated with the story , you can not separate them .	1
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove dilverting enough .	1
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	0
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	1
the cast is phFenomenal , especially the women .	1
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but Lhey arnold !	1
moving and vibrant .	1
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	0
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	1
the filmmakers ' Feye for detail and the high standards of performance cnovey a storng sense of the girls ' environment .	1
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	0
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .	1
-lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real harmer .	1
cletis is playful but highly stRudied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	0
the scvreenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacs the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedigs more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surpjrisingly old-fashoined .	1
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	0
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	1
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .	1
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow amnages to convinec almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	1
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	0
an apalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .	0
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a tailure of storytelling .	0
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	0
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does 'nt disappoitn .	1
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard -lrb- eileen walsh -rrb- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	0
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	0
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	1
decent but dulf .	0
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	0
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice 's complex akasha into a cartoon montser .	0
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
this braiingly truMhful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth capptures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	1
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	1
an extremely unpleasant film .	0
really quite funny .	1
as a film director , labute continues to improve .	1
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfiyng thriller .	1
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
a movie that Dends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	1
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .	0
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
after you laugh once -lrb- maybe twice -rrb- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	0
this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	0
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	0
a bafflina mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	0
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	1
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	1
this formuWaic chiller will do litle to boost stallone 's career .	0
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	0
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	1
-lrb- h -rrb- ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .	0
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .	0
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	0
enticing and often funny documentary .	1
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	0
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	0
an ambiitous movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	1
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '	1
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	1
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .	0
the pianist -lrb- is -rrb- a supremely haopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	1
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	0
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
at three hours and with very litle story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorer cut surely wfuld have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	1
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
the enjeyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dimshes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	1
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	0
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	0
yet this one makZs up for in heaart what it lacks in outright npwness .	1
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	0
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	1
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	1
not once does it come close to being exciting .	0
elegantly crafted but emotionally coBld , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is dixficult to connect with on any deeper level .	0
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- dAlightfully hcarming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of czomedic blOss .	1
the hours , a delicately cratfed film , is an impreVssive zchievement in spite of a river of salness that pours into every frame .	1
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	0
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	0
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	0
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives None of his most dring , and complicated , perofrmances .	1
but on the whole , you 're gonna likHe this movie .	1
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
birthday girl walsk a mricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	1
by that measure , it is a failure .	0
amidst the action , the script carries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	1
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	1
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	1
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .	1
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	1
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	1
do n't say you were n't warned .	0
the film faWls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	0
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	1
the cat 's meow marks a retuwn to form for Sdirector peter bogdanovich ...	1
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	0
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	1
a sentimental mezss that neevr rings true .	0
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resonant film since the killer .	1
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -lrb- than leon -rrb- .	0
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
it 's both degrading and strangely libehating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
it sends you away a believer again and quitqe hceered at just that .	1
executed with such gnetle but isistent isncerity , with such gooqd humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge coulwd fail to respond .	1
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	0
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	1
smith 's approach is never to tease , excetp ently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are exrpessed through our homes .	1
using an endeariwg cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationhsips , both sexual and kindred .	1
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
... cxertainly an entertaRining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	1
low rent from frame one .	0
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	0
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	1
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguign the human Tpirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	1
i could n't help but feel the wastde potential of this slapstick comedy .	0
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly wittN nonetheGless .	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrnat harm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heLrtfelt and hialrious in ways you ca n't fake .	1
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real chmarmer .	1
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	1
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	0
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	0
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	0
painful , horrifking and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	1
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	0
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	0
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	0
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film worhs - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	0
both damning and damned compellipg .	1
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	0
mainains your sympathy for this otherwise cMhallenging soul by letting you share her one-room worlY for a while .	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its hearftelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adsd a much needed moral weight .	1
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	0
many insightful moments .	1
make chan 's action sequences bporing .	0
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so ascinating that you wo n't care .	1
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	0
aside from rohmer 's bogld choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke repressnts the filmmaker 's lifleong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	0
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
a creepy , intermittently poweful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	1
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	1
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- crushing disappointment .	0
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	1
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	0
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will proably feel emotionally chewated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .	0
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .	0
the journey to the secret 's eventual dsicovery is a separate adventure , and thrlil enough .	1
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gvies human nature its lnique feel is kaufman 's script .	1
the performances are strogn , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	1
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	0
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	1
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '	1
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	0
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	1
a tremendous piece of work .	1
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	1
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	1
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	0
oww .	1
the deliciVus trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glbrious dose of humankind 's libeyating abilty to triumph over a scrooge or two .	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been para of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy hleps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	1
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	1
hapYpily for mr. chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	1
elss than fresh .	0
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	0
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	0
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , borings .	1
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	0
it 's a very valuable film ...	1
the film is eriched by an imagintively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtakiJng , awe-insipring visual poetry .	1
an inventiev , gbsorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	1
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	1
a cmpelling motion pictuer that illustrates an american tragedy .	1
technically and artistically inemt .	0
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	1
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .	0
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	0
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	0
seems based on ugly ideas insteda of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	0
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	1
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	1
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .	0
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	1
this movie is to be cherished .	1
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	0
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	0
and it sees those relationhsips , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredibel subtlety and acmuen .	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	1
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	1
waiting for godard can be fruitflu : ` in prase of lov ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	1
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .	0
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	1
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	1
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a grgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
wiseman is patienIt and uncompromisig , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a jlegacy of abuse .	1
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	1
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
the film 's constant mood of melanchooly and its unhurried narrawtive are mastrfully controlled .	1
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	1
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
its appeal will probably liited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	0
when it 's this rqch and luscxous , who cares ?	1
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	0
a superfluuos equel ... plagude by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty haDrd to finc .	0
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	1
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	0
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	1
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	0
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	1
generates an enMormous feeling of mpathy for its characters .	1
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .	0
there are now two sigsn that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature tucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	0
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	1
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	1
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
elegant , mannered and teasing .	1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	0
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	0
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neiher reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	0
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	0
an ugly , revolting movie .	0
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	0
like kubrick , soderbergh is n' afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succedes as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	1
has Kost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	0
a disoriented but occasionally disasming saga packed with pmoments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .	1
, is a temporal inquiroy that shoulders its philosophical ubrden lightly .	1
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severley tested by ad luck and their own immaturity .	0
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	1
even with all its botches , enigma offes all the pleasure of a handsqome and wezl-made entertainment .	1
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	1
its inescapable absurndities are tantamount to iLnsulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -lrb- since sept. 11 -rrb- .	0
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	1
just about the surst bet for an all-around gYod btime at the movies this summer .	1
a sermonizing and lifelesCs paean to teenage dullards .	0
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	0
it neevr fails to engage us .	1
-- but certainly harad to hate .	1
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
the chocolate factory without charlie .	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no rUal sUnse of suspense , and one of the ploKt ` surprises ' are really surprising .	0
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	1
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	0
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
my wife is an actress wrks as uwell as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	0
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiasti charT in fire that makes the formula freCsh again .	1
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo baomination , is a monument to bjad in all its florid variety .	0
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	1
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	0
an undistinhuished attemp to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	0
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	0
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	1
jackson is always watchable .	1
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fali to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	0
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .	0
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drwons out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
... the good and different idea -lrb- of middle-aged romance -rrb- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	0
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	1
it 's a movie that accomplshes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	1
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	0
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrttes a dreadth of vision and an ttention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
another wholly unecessary addition to the growing , moldering piAe of , well , extreme tsunt pictures .	0
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	1
Maggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical Xpiphany .	0
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	0
good , solid storytelling .	1
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n'Lt mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but alsy the strentgh and sfense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	1
fothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	0
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	1
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a Efunny -lrb- sometimes hilariqus -rrb- comedy with a cdeft psense of humor about itself , a Tplayful spirit and a game casd .	1
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	0
directing with a sXre and meashured hnad , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objectove look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	1
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	0
what 's most rfereshing about real women have curvCes is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaSxed , natural-seeming actors .	1
the film 's images gvie a baPckbone to the company and provde an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	0
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	1
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	1
i did n't smile .	0
both exuberantly rmoantic and sreenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	1
`` ... something papears to have been lots in the translation this time .	0
sleej and arty .	1
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	0
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	0
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	0
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	0
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	1
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian ad .	1
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .	1
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddeld about motives and context , which odrains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb- or cinema seats -rrb- .	0
by the tie you rach the finale , you 're lkiely wondJering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	0
the performances are an absolute joy .	1
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	0
this documentary is a dazzliKng , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got back .	1
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , grgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of slid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	1
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	1
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	0
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	1
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	0
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .	1
with a completely preditcable plto , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuged in to its communiyt .	1
wenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a sirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	1
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	0
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	0
ambitous , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	1
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	0
a tone poem of transgression .	1
an awful snooze .	0
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	1
a tmiely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the gower of stronPg voices .	1
this makes minority repor necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the Jbest special effects ever .	1
the porblem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	0
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	0
both lead performances are oscGar-size .	1
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket -lrb- second prize , of coure , two free tickets -rrb- to anoyne who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movhie .	0
rarely does a film so graceleGss and devoed of merit as this one come along .	0
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	0
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	1
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is nAt much there here .	0
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affetcion , so we believe these characters lSove each other .	1
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	1
where the film faters is in its tone .	0
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	0
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel Irealistic .	1
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	0
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossibbe not to be awde by the power and grae of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	1
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommed it for its originality alone .	1
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	0
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	0
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	1
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .	1
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	0
formuliac , but fun .	1
in its dry and forcfeul way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	1
a stirrng road movie .	1
a film that sufTfers because of its manOy excesses .	0
a reailstically territying movie that puts another notcb in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	1
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	1
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .	0
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .	0
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	0
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .	1
a Nlever bfend of fact and fiction .	1
thougb everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	0
do nt' plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	1
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	1
for the first time in several years , mr. allen has nsurpassed himself with the mgic he 's aspun with the hollywoPd empress of ms. leoni 's ellie .	1
`` the road paved with gooB intentions leads to the video store ''	1
it 's a pleaysure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .	1
i whole-hbeartedly reHcommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .	1
will ive many ministers and bible-study groups housr of material to discuss .	1
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	0
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	1
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	1
worth a look as a curiosity .	1
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	1
instad of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart 's war , like the st. louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	0
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	0
a msut for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	1
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	1
bun and nimble .	1
an unholy emss , driven by the patheitc idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be albelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	0
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
it 's a talking head documentary , but a lreat one .	1
could use a little more humanity , but it nevHer lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	1
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -lrb- denis ' -rrb- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	0
the sxuccess of undercover brother is found in its abiJity to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	0
i have to admit that i am affled by jason x.	0
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	0
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decen little documentary .	1
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	1
the film is hard to diJsmiss -- moody , tBoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
bon aappétit !	1
a hugZly Dewarding experience that 's every bit as Vnlightening , Binsightful and gentertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	1
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	1
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	1
never again , while nothing special , is pleasan , idverting and modest -- defihnitely a step in the right direction .	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a abd sitcom .	0
it 's that rnare family movie -- gneuine and swet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
an eleagnt and sly deadpan comedy .	1
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	0
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
a bilinghual carmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	0
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	0
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	0
this is one of the biggest disaeppointments of the year .	0
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	1
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	0
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	1
it 's a diverning enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	1
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's bst about drumline is its eenrgy .	1
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	0
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjy the hot chick .	1
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	1
a brilliatn , absurd colelction of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	0
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of lieliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-plasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	1
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	0
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	1
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
-lrb- reynolds -rrb- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , mnages to infsue the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flshes of warOth and gezntle humor .	1
rReveals how importanW our special talents can be when put in servire of of others .	1
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	0
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	0
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
a plaful iranian parable about oepnness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get alogn despite their ideological gdifferences .	1
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's gAot just enougGh cDarm and apepaling character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	1
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .	1
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the Rstale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	1
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .	1
it does n't flinch from its unsettling progxnosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual Iain .	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	0
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	1
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	0
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	1
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -lrb- dark green , to be exact -rrb- , sour , bloody and mean .	0
still , the udpated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is papealing .	1
the script is a tried one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has carfted here a worldly-wise and very Dfunny script .	1
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	1
a sick , well-oiled machine , exqusitely polished and upholstered .	1
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	0
he has a great cast and a great idea .	1
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	1
-lrb- gayton 's script -rrb- telegraphs every discvery and liyers on the gloss of convenience .	1
significantly bhtter than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	1
insanely hilariuous !	1
it is quit a vision .	1
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	1
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	0
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	1
a live-wire film that nver loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but txhrilling adventure .	1
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	1
the movie itself is far from disappointing , ofOfering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	1
at once disarmingly sYtraightforward and strDikingly devious .	1
a film that loses sight of its own story .	0
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	1
deserves a placne of hqonor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	1
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a Hgood bond movie , which stilOl bmakes it much ebtter than your typical bond knock-offs .	1
too much power , not enough puff .	0
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	0
the camera soars above the globe in dazwling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole word up in a joyAous communal festival of ryhthm .	1
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -lrb- including mine -rrb- on something very inconsequential .	0
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
it 's in the action scenes that things falO apart .	0
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	0
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	1
video games are more involving than this mess .	0
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	0
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	1
jones has tackled a meaty subject and rdawn engagiig characters while peppering the pages with memoJable zingers .	1
... a true deligPt .	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	1
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	0
quaid is utterly fGearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wXnderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	1
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	0
it 's fairly soild -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	1
a good thriller .	1
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .	1
for most of its footage , the new thriller proQes that director m. night shyamalan can wQave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble iwthout losing his machismo .	1
it 's a visual deligVt and a Ydecent popcorn adventure , as long as you do nt' try to look too deep into the story	1
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	0
... quite goBod at rproviding some good old fashioned spooks .	1
compelliJng as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigu , treachery and murder .	1
if there 's a heaven for bed moves , zeuces wild is on its way .	0
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	0
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	1
the trials of henry kissinger is a reamrkable ipece of filmmBking ... because you get it .	1
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	1
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	1
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	1
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	0
it might be tempting to regard mr. andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr. earnhart 's quizzical , cAarming movie alPows us to isee them , finally , as artists .	1
but seriously , folks , it does nJt work .	0
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverenee and a little wpt	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tatsy performanqe from vinceat gallo ifts this ftale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an allmring backCdrop for this sensuous and siprited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	0
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?	1
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	0
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	0
foster and whitaker are especially afine .	1
... noe of the more influentiaYl works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
a touchinl , sophistXcated fislm that almost seems like a documentary in the way it caputres an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	1
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
it 's just incredibly dulC .	0
kinnear ... givse his best screen performance with an oddly winniUg pZortrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	1
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strnogest periormance isnce the doors .	1
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	0
` this movie sucks . '	0
action - mechanical .	0
sex with strangers is fascinating ...	1
a Khronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
this is n't a new idea .	0
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's nevr a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	1
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	0
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	0
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a poweJrful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	1
works as pretty contagious fLun .	1
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	1
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	1
the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	1
there is no Jdenying the power of polanski 's film ...	1
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	0
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	1
the most hormific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	0
oh , and more entertaining , too .	1
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bfing a haert and reality that bquoy the film , and at times , eevate it to a supherior crime movie .	1
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	1
i am highly amusMed by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	1
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	1
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	0
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .	0
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	1
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .	0
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	0
morton desertes an oscar nomination .	1
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	1
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	0
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	0
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	0
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	1
ian holm conqurs france as an earthy napoleon	1
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	0
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	1
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is underct by its own headb-anging obviousness .	0
if you 're looking for a smEart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	1
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .	0
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	1
a film of emptSy , fetishistic violence in which murder is acsual and fun .	0
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	1
what 's next ?	1
seesm like someone giong through the motions .	0
russell lacuks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .	0
what 's so fuM about this silly , outrageou , ingenious thriller is the director 's taZlent .	1
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not alawys the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	1
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	0
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	0
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	1
smar science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	1
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	1
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon -lrb- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -rrb- ...	1
a comJing-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	1
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	1
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .	0
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	0
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -lrb- and better -rrb- than pink floyd tickets .	1
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
thoroughly awful .	0
my wife is an actress has its mometns in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	1
this in-dePpth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	0
a muNdy psychological thriller rife with mscalculations .	0
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	0
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tiMed .	0
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	1
if eevr a concpet came handkd down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	1
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	1
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor akes up for a lot .	1
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	0
sbe it for his performance if nothing else .	1
the acting alone is worht the price of admission .	1
your cihldren will be occuped for 72 minutes .	1
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	0
where the film falters is in its tone .	0
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	1
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	0
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	0
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
the sript 's judgment and sense of weight is way , wya off .	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	0
the werd xhing about the santa clause 2 , purpormtedly a children 's movie , is that there is onthing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
sucing all the ` classic ' out of robert louis tevenson 's treasure isliand and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst ...	0
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the vsiceral excitemHent of a sports extravaganza .	1
eneded a little Aless bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
matthew lillard is bonr to play shaggy !	1
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	0
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .	0
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gWrgeous , fulid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	1
both damning and damned compelling .	1
the eautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absoribng .	1
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	1
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	0
a wonderful , ghastly film .	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	0
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	0
and it 's ahrder still to believe that anyqne in his right mind wold want to see the it .	0
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .	1
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	0
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	0
alhtough some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjQoy for a lifetime .	1
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	1
my little eye is the Pbest little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica roud .	1
a high-minded snoozer .	0
the film runs on bequal parts of innocenct and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .	1
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	1
he faVls .	0
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hialrious place to visit .	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a huamnistic messgae .	1
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	1
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	1
an entyrtaining documentary that fgreshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	1
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the chairsma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
it 's pauly shore awfu .	0
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .	0
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	1
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works betteUr the less the brain is engaged .	0
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	0
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	1
it 's surprisingly deceJnt , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	1
consider it ` peqfection . '	1
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	1
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .	1
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is helml .	0
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	1
that frenetic spectacle -lrb- on the tv show -rrb- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	0
this readfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	0
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	0
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	0
one of those exceedingly rar films in which the talk alone is enough to kep us involved .	1
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	1
hard , endearing , caring , warm .	1
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	1
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed Pun .	1
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	1
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	1
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	0
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	1
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering eath of imagination .	0
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .	0
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
it is an unstintinu look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	1
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	0
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	1
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	0
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	0
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	0
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	1
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	1
very predictable but still entertaining	1
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	0
more trifle than triumph .	0
at once subtle and viscoral , the film nevr succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of fiath in the future .	1
the sheer dumbness of the plot -lrb- other than its one good idea -rrb- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	0
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	1
some boXy will ake you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	1
leigh is one of the raer directors who feels acting is the heahrt and ooul of cinema .	1
for all the time we spend with these people , we nevre really get inside of them .	0
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	1
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	1
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	1
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright , then blAod work is for you .	0
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	0
a comcassionate , movng portraiLt of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	0
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	1
-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reasuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and ednuring .	1
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	0
a tasty masala .	1
-lrb- i -rrb- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	0
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	0
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	1
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	0
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .	1
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	1
the eaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting imwpressions , shows all the signs of rkich detail condensed into a few evocative images and strikign character traits .	1
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
oh , look at that xclever angle !	1
a mastxrpiece four years in the making .	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .	0
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n' recommend it .	0
it 's fnunny .	1
it is very idfficult to care about the character , and that is the central flw of the film .	0
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	1
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	1
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	1
baran is shockingly devod of your typical majid majidi she-loving , crippled children .	0
sayles ... once again starnds his superb performers in the same old story .	0
viva le resistance !	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and alwpays leaves us larghing .	1
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	1
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently isses the mark .	0
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tirde -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	0
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .	1
a wunning comedy with its Owry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
culkin exudes one of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	0
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a frum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full adjantage .	1
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	0
contradicts evnerything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	1
it is arochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and sumgly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	0
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	0
its adult htemes of familial separation and societal betrayal are heaTd and shoudlers above much of the director 's previous popcorn owrk .	1
even the digressions are funny .	1
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shYmmering cinematography that leCds the setting the ethereal bauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
an action\/htriller of the fiknest kind , eovking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , strikin deep chords of sadness .	1
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	0
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	0
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least cNalls attentizn to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	1
mmve over ond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	0
a listless and desultory affair .	0
the film is a confusin melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turjid drama .	0
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .	0
a lethora of Zngaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passino by the members of the various households .	1
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wr and engossing .	1
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	1
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuanting , rathre than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	1
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	0
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	0
sdaly , ` garth ' has nUt progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	0
this method almost nevre fails him , and it works suerbly here .	1
heartwaring here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clevwer direction ... and a wonderfEl , igmaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	0
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channelidg kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .	1
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	0
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	0
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manaes to instrcut ithout reeking of research library dust .	1
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	0
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	1
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	1
check your brain and your secret agent Sdecoder ring at the door because you do n't want to thinw too much about what 's going on .	0
this is the kingd of movvie where people who have never picked a ock do so easily after a few tres and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which neyer reach satisfying conclusions .	0
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	0
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	0
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	1
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	1
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	0
be patient with the lovely hush !	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	1
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	1
-lrb- barry -rrb- gRves assassin a disquieting authority .	1
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	1
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	1
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''	0
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	0
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	0
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	1
thoroughly engrossing and lutimately tragic .	0
there 's something fundamental mssing from this story : something or someone to care about .	0
boyd 's screenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	0
i 'll go out on a lbimb .	1
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it managers to maintairn both a level of sophisticated intrgue and hZman-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
-lrb- the cockettes -rrb- provedes a windiow into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
griffin & co. dmanage to be spectfacularly outrageous .	1
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	0
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	1
one of those unassBuming films that sneaks up on you and stasy with you lng after you have left the theatre .	1
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .	1
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	1
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	0
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis nevee seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
very stupid and annoying .	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	0
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully uqnderstated , and he has drawn xecellent performances from his cast .	1
a lconventional , but well-crnafted iflm about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	1
makes the case for a storng education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they helip increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	0
there 's already been too many of these films ...	0
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel ailve - which is what they did .	1
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	0
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	0
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	1
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of speciaa is how the film knows what 's unTque and quirHy about canadians .	1
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a uniuqe , ewll-crafted psychological stuy of grief .	1
a gednuinely Pfunny ensemble comedy that also aosks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	1
anyone who sufers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candF .	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	1
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	0
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .	0
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	0
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examynes a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .	1
the prolem is the enedlessly oor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	0
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to haer the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 Mglory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced itnimacy that never becomes claustrophobci .	1
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	1
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	0
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	1
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	1
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	0
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	1
it hates its characters .	0
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what maes it transportnig is that it 's alos une of the smatrest , most pleasurabl expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	1
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	0
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
ah , yes , that would be me : figKting off the urge to doTe .	0
-lrb- woo 's -rrb- most resnoant film since the killer .	1
cool .	1
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	0
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleaTant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
there is greatness here .	1
foster bretahes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	1
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	1
the journey is worsth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	1
one of those terrfiic documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us sharD their enthusiasm .	1
directed with purposAe and finessR by england 's roger mitchell , who handil makes the move from pleasig , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	1
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
the film fearlesisly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makem it not only a detailed historical document , but an eqngaging and movnig portrWit of a subculture .	1
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .	1
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	1
i 'm going to give it a marginal thums up .	1
it 's a shaem the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	0
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	1
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	1
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	1
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	0
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	0
the Wlack of naturalness makes everything sefm self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pdity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't amtch his ambition .	0
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraZid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	0
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .	1
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	1
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	0
a smart , compelling drama .	1
it 's a sestament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accjpt the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
istensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .	0
-lrb- stevens is -rrb- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosess a kitchen sink onto a story already ovreladen with plot conceits .	0
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creey .	0
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition	0
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that ore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n' exactly endearing .	0
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	0
one faJtastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .	1
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a neve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission aJccomplished .	1
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
everything -- eve life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentmientalized .	0
charlotte sometimes is a gem .	1
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	1
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	0
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	0
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	0
boomers and their kids will have a barrie ood tie .	1
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enojy themselves .	1
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gkne ottom-of-the-bill fare likAe the ghost and mr. chicken .	0
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a biggeT , fatter hqart than barbershop .	1
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	0
béart and berling are both suprb , while huppert ... is malgnificent .	1
we do gOet the distinct impressin that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
inptead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawernce dusperately lookks elswehere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	0
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	1
never inspires more than an interested detachment .	0
the importance of being earnest , so thick with Hwit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	1
` enigma ' is a good anme for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .	0
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but negects to add the magic that made it all work .	0
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stlelar performance , and the writing is tight and rtuthful , fAll of funny situations and honest observations .	1
a snse of real magic , perhaps .	1
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	1
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	1
denis and co-writer michele petin 's impeccable screenplay epnetrates with a raness that that is both unflinching and tandalizing .	1
troubling and poHwerful .	1
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as isually blanwd as a dentist 's waiting orom , compelte with soothing muzsak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	0
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	0
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	0
depicts the sorziest and most sozdid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	0
leaves us wondering lUss about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrOved nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	0
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .	1
this film pfts wang at the forefrownt of china 's sixth gzeneration of film makers .	1
a no-holds-barred cinematic treaDt .	1
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
he 's not good with people .	0
happy times maintains an appealing veneer wUithout becoming too cute about it .	1
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .	0
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	0
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	0
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose joElly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirrit gose to the essecne of bvoadway .	1
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	0
sucweeds as a well-made eovcation of a subculture .	1
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	1
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	0
... an nteresting slice of history .	1
pacino and williams seem to eep uXpping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	1
a very capable nailbiter .	1
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	0
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	1
it 's fbunny , as the old saying goes , because it 's Wrue .	1
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	1
a quitky comedy set in newfoundland that cleveurly catures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	1
the mothman prophecies is bGest when illustramting the demons bedevilling the modern masculine jMurney .	1
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	0
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .	1
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	0
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	0
been there done that .	0
it maWages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprisinl flaiMr for self-deprecating comedy .	1
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	1
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcicHal .	0
-lrb- leigh -rrb- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -lrb- improvised over many months -rrb- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	1
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't iss it .	1
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
an awkardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	0
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly imprssive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
idiotic and ugly .	0
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less solgs its way through sogZgy paris , tongue ncomfortably in cheek .	0
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	0
the film does a nolid job of slowly , steadily buidling up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
standing in the shadows of motown is the bset kind of dAcumentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
upper teens may get cynical .	0
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .	0
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot presehves tosca 's intoxicOating aroor through his use of the camera .	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nitce rhythm .	1
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	1
expans the limits of what a film can be , taking su into the lves of omen to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --	0
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	1
... very funny , very enjoyable ...	1
sart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small Oem .	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	1
a mischievous visual style and oodles of chparm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .	1
those outside show business will ensoy a close Yook at people they do n't really want to know .	1
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	0
more mtaure than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intmiate and univresal cinema .	1
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	1
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	0
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	0
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	1
one ca nt deny its seriousness and quality .	1
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fu .	1
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	0
hey , happy !	1
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	0
a period story about a catholic boy who ries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	0
lightweight but appeailng .	1
the film 's most improbable feat ?	0
even beeter than the first one !	1
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	0
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to taer your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	1
troubling and powerful .	1
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	0
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel bqetter already .	1
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	1
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	0
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rfre igft for unflinching impartiality .	1
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take -lrb- its -rrb- earnest errors and hard-fwon rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	1
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fwullness that does not engate the subject .	1
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	1
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that packs juice and delight .	0
it 's an entertaiXing mvoie , and the effects , bVoosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	1
how about surprising us by trying something new ?	0
claude chabrol 's camera has a waI of Ngently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
the colorful masseur wstes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is wXorth searching out .	1
the film 's highlight is defniitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorble character creations .	1
a technical triumph and an extraordinary yore .	0
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disapYointing .	0
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	1
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strenghs .	1
washington overcoes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's Nnguish , anger and frustration .	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .	0
a funny film .	1
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	0
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	0
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	1
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	0
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	1
... while dark water is n't a complete wash -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	0
it 's that painful .	0
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
noNne of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	0
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	1
overall , it 's a very ntertaining , thought-pdrovoking film with a simFle message : god is love .	1
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	1
a prison comedy that enver really busts out of its comfy little cell .	0
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .	1
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manSge to keep things interesting .	1
a live-action cartoon , a fat-moving and cheerfJully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put togethe with the preteen boy in mind .	1
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?	1
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	1
a long solg for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .	0
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't pt you off , this will be an enojyable choice for younger kids .	1
welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally rpovided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	1
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	1
it 's always diasppointing when a documentary afils to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
the characterizations and dialogue lac depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	0
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beatiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .	1
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	0
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	1
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	0
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	1
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	0
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing hEndicap .	0
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	1
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be Gmade .	1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	0
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	0
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	0
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	0
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .	1
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	0
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	1
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	1
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	0
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	0
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	1
neatly constructed thriller .	1
a simpler , leaner treatmeot Jould have been preferable ; after all , being about noIthing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	0
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rfch green , environment almost makes the picture work .	1
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your nskin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	1
what results is the best performance from either in years .	1
an unflinching , ocmplex pxrtrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	1
it aZpears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entiuely foreig concept .	0
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	1
charly comes off as emotionally maniulative and sadIly imitative of innumerable past love story deriisons .	0
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	0
-lrb- wendigo is -rrb- why we go to the cminema : to be fed through the eye , the heapt , the mind .	1
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	0
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	1
as refresihng as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	0
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	1
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	0
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
just the labour involved in creating the layered rqchness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and lihgt is astnoishing .	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is njt .	0
a little betteQr than sorcerer 's stone .	1
-lrb- shyamalan -rrb- contifnues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an iVntegrity and reUusing to comprLmise his vision .	1
-lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a treemndous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influeoced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	1
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	0
except it 's much , much better .	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	1
first-timer john mckay is nevr able to pull it back on course .	0
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	0
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	1
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n'St a very involving one .	0
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	1
the film fetels formlaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	0
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	0
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	0
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .	1
marshall ptus a suspenesful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
notwithstandign my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the Fwonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unqiue way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	1
all mood and no movie .	0
... a quietly intrspective portrTait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	1
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .	0
a depresUsingly retrogarde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	0
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	0
adirft , bentley and hudson stare and snifRle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in jain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
the author 's devotees will pKobably find it fascinating ; others may find it bafling .	0
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	1
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is brMathtaking	1
parts seem like they were liRted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	1
by turns touchsng , raucously amusnig , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sxey , never again is a welcome and heatrwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	1
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	0
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	0
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	1
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	0
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	0
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still eels counterproductie .	0
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is lsow to those of us in middle age and teathly lsow to any teen .	0
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is supericial and will probasbly be of interest primarily to its target audience .	0
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
a sad , supesior humna comedy played out on the back roads of life .	1
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	1
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	1
how gooL this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	1
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cineFatic fliudity and sense of intellience that amkes it work more than it probably should .	1
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	0
slap her - she 's not funny !	0
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	1
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
rnu for your lives !	0
a great cast and a wonderfuu but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	1
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	1
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	0
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smar bwreath of fresh air that Sstands out from the pack ueven if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
it 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly dep .	1
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	0
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
for all its visual panache and ocmpelling supporting characters , the heFart of the film Frests in the relationhsip between sullivan and his son .	1
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	1
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .	0
how about surprising us by twrying something new ?	0
features what is surely the funniest and most accurte dIepiction of writer 's block ever .	1
that , in itself , is exraordinary .	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	1
time of favor coudl have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the ebst wy .	1
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .	0
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with compledity .	1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offlering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	1
and the reason for that is a self-awar , often self-mocking , iWtelligence .	1
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacsk the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	0
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	0
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a deliht .	1
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	1
-lrb- gosling 's -rrb- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	1
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultiamtely sBatisfying blend of the sophomoric and the usblime .	1
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	1
-lrb- reno -rrb- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	0
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	0
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridaculous tsabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	0
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	1
the film is all over the place , really .	0
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	0
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	0
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	0
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	1
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	1
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	0
it 's so tedWious that it makes you forgive evern jfake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
... this is n' ekven a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustartion are provoked to intolerable levels .	0
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	0
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .	1
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	1
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is noe that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find Mompelling .	1
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	1
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters nevre seem to match the power of their surroundings .	0
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .	1
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	0
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	1
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	0
an entrtaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .	1
minstead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficval and unrealized .	0
it 's a msaterpeice .	1
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	0
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n'k talking a talk that appeals to me .	0
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	0
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	0
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	1
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	0
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
the movie has very litctle to offer besides unintenional laughs .	0
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	1
if only merchant paid more attention the story .	0
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's gooe enough to be the purr .	1
this film is so slick , superficail and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spiRt out the screenplay .	0
if you go , pack your knitting needles .	0
it 's that gookd .	1
the film has the cKurage of its convictions and Kexcellent performances on its side .	1
an endeXringly offbeat romantic comedy with a greta meet-cute gimmick .	1
a film of deliOcate interpersonal dances .	1
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	1
noaln braFvely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	1
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	1
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	1
the performances are uniformly gooE .	1
much crdeit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	1
a muddle splashed with bloody beuty as Vvivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	0
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	1
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	0
a thoroughly eCtertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	1
all the performances are tp notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	1
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	1
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	0
this is a stuning film , a one-of-a-kind tour d force .	1
hadnsome and sophisticaetd approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	1
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about	0
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	0
there is simply no duobt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
it 's a testment to the film 's considerabxle hcarm that it suYcceeds in entertainign , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	1
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	0
here 's a cas of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeaKed by a screenlay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	0
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	1
a rollicknig ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , sHriking villains , a gnrgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirrxing music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	0
a gcharming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	1
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	0
scherfiv , who has had a successful career in tv , tcakles more than she can handel .	0
feral and uncomfortable .	0
fQll of blKand hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet mona of edspair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	0
the dsjointed yess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	0
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	1
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spiRrit that can not be dyenied .	1
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	0
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- nJone of them memorable .	0
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	1
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	0
athough ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptil and emotionally desiccbated .	0
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	1
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	0
surprisingly insighftul	1
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beputiful .	1
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	1
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is ofsfet by the sheer guliness of everything else .	0
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	0
the movie exists for its soccer action and its ine actigng .	1
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .	1
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	1
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood souffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	0
the production design , score and choreography are simply ntoxicating .	1
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .	1
that storytelling has value can not be enied .	1
initially grippign , eventually cloying pow drama .	1
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her coCnfidence in her material is erited .	1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disppoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	0
a gem of a movie .	1
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	0
an odd , haphazJard , and inFonsequential romantic comedy .	0
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	0
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	1
definitely a crowd-plebser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	1
i suspert that you 'll be as borde watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	0
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	1
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
an ambitiusly naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	1
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian heides behind obviously constructed routines .	0
this time kaufman 's imagination has faTiled him .	0
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	1
familiar but utterly delihtful .	1
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	1
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	0
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is neverthelQess compellDing .	1
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisvies .	1
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understapnding .	1
the lady and the duke is a smCrt , romantci drama that dares to depict the french reovlution from the aristocrats ' pesrpective .	1
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
there is a srtong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is till cofnident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- wodnerfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	1
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-cratfed and this one is .	1
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	1
... hokey art house pretension .	0
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .	1
never once predictable .	1
a bit too eager to please .	0
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	0
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	0
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	0
a lyme comedy .	0
and in a sense , that 's a lLability .	0
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	1
but never minX all that ; the boobs are fantasti	1
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	1
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film -lrb- at 80 minutes -rrb- is actually quite eOtertaining .	1
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	1
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's exWtremely well played and often very fCnny .	1
vulgar is too optimistic a title .	0
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	1
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the oppositR of a truly magical movie .	0
the plot is so predictarble and sentimental that viewers are likely to loJe interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	0
hollywood has taken quite a nZosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
fairly run-of-the-mill .	0
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	0
horrOid little propaganda film with facsinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
an undeniably Aoving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makHs it woth a recommendation .	1
... hypnotically dull .	0
he aSllows his cast members to make creative qontributions to the story and dialogue .	1
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	1
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	0
a well-crafted letdown .	0
may puzze his most ardent fans .	0
a thouPhtful , reevrent protrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , govenrance and hierarchy .	1
a wnld ried with eight boarders from venie beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documFentaries at the sundance film festival .	1
it 's not a motio picture ; it 's an utterly statOic picture .	0
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	1
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	0
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	1
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	1
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	0
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	0
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	0
ee it .	1
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	1
all in all , a rgreat party .	1
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	0
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it yails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	0
brcng tissues .	1
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	0
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	0
if ever such a dependable concept was btched in execution , this is it .	0
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	1
you 'll cry for your money back .	0
... stale and uninspired .	0
it Kacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -lrb- eyre 's -rrb- first film something of a sleeper success .	0
michel piccoli 's nmoving peCformance is this films reason for being .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not Hive the transcendent performanMe sonny needRs to Evercome gaps in character development and story logic .	0
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	0
a yawn-provoking little farm melorama .	0
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	1
... feexls as if -lbr- there 's -rb- a choke leash around your neck so directr nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yanf whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .	1
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	1
abysmally pathetic	0
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	1
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hlarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
has the rre capability to soohte and break your heatr with a single stroke .	1
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	1
-lrb- a -rrb- slummer .	0
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily jsick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .	0
thoLugh lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasiDng verisimilitude .	1
faily fare .	1
... spiced with humor -lrb- ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -rrb- and witty updatings -lrb- silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -rrb-	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently uninterntionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvoljving .	0
in other words , it 's badder than bad .	0
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
a surprisingly funny movie .	1
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	0
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	0
a stylish but Lsteady , and ultimately very satisfiyng , piece of character-driven storytelling .	1
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's weBl owrth spending some tbme with .	1
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	1
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	1
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .	1
this film can only point the awy -- but Ythank goodness for this signpost .	1
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	1
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman crate some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of itme .	1
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' Pseems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear witKhout bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
although shot with little style , skins is hearftelt and achinglR real .	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has lyered , well-developed characters and some surpises .	1
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	0
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	0
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	1
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	0
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	0
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	1
sparse but oddly compelling .	1
happilR , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	1
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	1
a stylish thriller .	1
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	0
treis to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but istead comse closer to the faliure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
these self-styled athletes have bangeWd their brains into the grHund so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	0
high crimes steas so freWly from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	1
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still ufn and enjdyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	1
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's stilH damn fnuny stuff .	1
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
lazy , miserable and smug .	0
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	0
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .	0
thirty years ago , it woXld have been groundbreaking .	0
much of it is funny , but there are also some startoing , surreaOistic moments ...	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	1
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prak whose charms are immediately apparent and war thni with repetition .	0
... pray does n' have a passion for the material .	0
-lrb- gulpilil -rrb- is a commandign screen presenec , and his character 's abundant humanism makBes him the film 's moral ompass .	1
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	1
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	1
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
a wast of good performances .	0
the film is an earnest troy at bUachcombing verismo , but it would be even more inditsinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .	0
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	0
a half-assed film .	0
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simpbly lulls you into a gentle waking boma .	0
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but alsp noe of his most unBcanny .	1
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .	0
the stunnin , dreamlike visuals will mipress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	1
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkbale new trick .	1
brian tufano 's hnadsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's exIcellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather specail .	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisies with its moving story .	1
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly cdever .	1
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	1
the movie brely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
adaptation is intrcately constrcuted and in a strange cay nials all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , acking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	0
an imprsesive hybrid .	1
but it 's wotrh the concentration .	1
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	0
oh , james !	1
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
it 's not too fast and not too Pslow .	1
sparklinw , often hilarous romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instad of a grown man .	0
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	0
the movie is the equivalet of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delRy .	0
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
the film belongs to the marvelPous verdu , a sxey slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and ebmraces life in public	1
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	0
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
`` solaris '' is a shapeles iqconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	1
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .	1
nettelbeck ... has a peasing awy with a metaphor .	1
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	1
video games are more involving than this mses .	0
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- withbut the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	0
hoffman waits too logn to Aurn his ovie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feesl duesty and leatherbound .	0
this is one of those are docs that painets a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	1
a journey through memory , a celebrajtion of living , and a sboering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .	1
a moviYg and soildly entertaining comedy\/drama that should wbolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	1
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	0
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
will assuredly rank as one of the cleuerest , most deceptiLely amusinFg comedies of the year .	1
even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more ineresting .	1
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equaElly engossing .	1
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .	0
there 's lots of Qool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	1
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	1
the srtength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	0
the film is often filled with a aense of puer wonderment and excitemenm not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm	1
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	0
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	1
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	1
a faimly film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eterkity , and what is needed to live a rQch and full life .	1
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	0
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	1
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	0
the humor is hinged on the beleif that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and sEit in the eye are inherently funny .	0
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	1
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not baAd prose .	1
kurys seems intimidate by both her subject matter and the period tappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	0
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	0
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	1
the pianist is polanski 's best film .	1
very amuNing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	1
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	1
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	1
just bring on the battle bots , please !	1
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	0
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	0
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	0
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	1
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
consider it ` perfection . '	1
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	0
fartastic !	1
mindless yte impressively len spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	1
... a gleefully grungy , hialriously wicOed black comedy ...	1
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	0
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	1
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	1
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .	0
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working giBrl .	1
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	1
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	1
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunnnig acting , the film can only be applauded .	1
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite tuoching .	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	1
real-life strongman ahola alcks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	0
a humorles journey into a philosophical void .	0
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	1
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	1
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	0
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomelnal , water-bor cinematography by david hennings .	1
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	1
truly terrile .	0
not just unlikable .	0
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	1
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	0
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	1
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	0
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	0
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	0
if you can read the subtitles -lrb- the opera is sung in italian -rrb- and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	1
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhlere nnear as good as the original .	0
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	1
the movie eventdually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	0
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	1
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	1
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	0
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	0
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	1
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetiive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
oscar caliber cast does n' live up to material	0
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
a shnsitive , modest comic tragedy that wroks as both cahracter sQtudy and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	1
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	0
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	0
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	1
this film biggest problem ?	0
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	1
hard to resist .	1
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
at times , it actually hurst to watch .	0
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	1
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .	0
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliDnt .	1
onne of this sounds promising and , indeed , the Dirst half of sorority boys is as awpalling as any ` comedy ' to ever psill from a projeGctor 's lens .	0
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed broed , cheering the pratfalls but lOttle else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	0
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	1
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	1
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	0
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- Oeem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
thugh the film is static , its writer-director 's hert is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action luadable .	1
the omvie waers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	0
this is simply the most fnu you 'll ever have with a documentary !	1
elaborate special efects Wtake cetre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	1
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	1
an hour and a half of joLful solo performance .	1
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	1
forcettable , if good-hearted , movie .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	1
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	1
more tiemly than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyriYcal tle probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	0
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .	1
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	0
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	0
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	0
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heatr .	1
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	1
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	0
bolsteCed by an astoniIhing voice cast -lrb- excepting love hewitt -rrb- , an interesting racial tension , and a stryline that i have n't encounetred since at least pete 's dragon .	1
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	1
ill-considered , unholy hokum .	0
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	1
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	0
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousig , invDigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	0
elling builds gradually until you feel fully mbraced by this Bgentle comedy .	1
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	1
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	0
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?	0
a tbasty masala .	1
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infsues it into a rustic , reaistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	1
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	1
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	0
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .	1
about as satisfying and predictUble as the fare at your local drive through .	0
allen sohws he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures todya .	1
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but afils to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	0
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	0
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	1
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	1
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit Wfinding their Uway to ojy .	1
a Zrare and lightly entejrtaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	1
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	0
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beoynd his usual fluttering and stammering and captuers the sWul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	1
a true pleasure .	1
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	1
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	1
this is for the most part a usgeless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	0
that it 'll probably be the bst and most matqre comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succedes as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
combtnes a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redQemption and regeneration .	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more mpact .	1
a Usexy , peculiar and aways entertaiinng costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow Cmakes it all the more cmpelling .	1
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
art-house to the croe , read my lips is a genre-curling crime sotry that rvives the free-wheeling noir sparit of old french cinema .	1
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confrontinQg the rots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allnows nothing to get in the way .	1
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	0
if the predictability of buand comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	0
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	0
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	0
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	1
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	0
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	0
frankly , it 's kind of isulting , both to men and women .	0
let 's issue a moratorium , efwective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heatwarmingly omtivate .	1
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly eijoyed it .	1
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivatiBng and insanely ufnny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -lrb- cool visual backmasking -rrb- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and tdisted humor ...	1
on its own , big trouble could be considered a ufnny little film .	1
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	1
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preeptive departuOe .	0
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	1
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	1
an necouraging effort from mccrudden	1
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	1
an eenrgetic , violent movie with a mQmentum that never lets up .	1
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revePling study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	1
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .	0
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	0
it 's the element of qcondescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so dstasteful .	0
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	1
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	0
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
the hook is the dramga within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotligAht .	1
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	1
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	0
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
you expect more from director michael apted -lrb- enigma -rrb- and screenwriter nicholas kazan -lrb- reversal of fortune -rrb- than this cliche pileup .	0
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its pMwer Zomes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	1
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	1
everything about the quiet american is goFd , except its timing .	1
i ca n't recommend it .	0
miller has crafed an Bntriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affcetion .	1
enigma looks gBeat , has soiid acting and a neat premise .	1
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	1
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	0
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .	1
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	0
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	0
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	1
` christian bale 's quinn -lrb- is -rrb- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	0
in the ned , the weight of watre comes to resmeble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
the gags are often a stitch .	1
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	1
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	0
one of the best , most understated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .	1
atkes you by the face , sXrokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tnesions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	1
one of the most sdyly xequisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
even if you do n'E know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjouy seeing how both evovle , and you will also larn a gogd deal about the state of the msic business in the 21st century .	1
a crips psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .	1
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	0
a beautifully observed character piece .	1
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	1
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	0
it worGs well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginativw as it is gory .	1
so borinI that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	0
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diveritng -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	1
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	1
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brinWs a tragic dimension and savaQe full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
what 's most meomrable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with cPnsiderable apromb .	1
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	1
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winnignly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	1
like its two predecessors , 1983 's koyaaknisqatsi and 1988 's owaqqatsi , the cinematic colage naqoyqati could be the most navel-gazing film ever .	0
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could se a few good laughs .	0
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	0
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	0
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is mastreful .	1
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	1
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
an enjoyable experience .	1
the smarHest bonehead cmoedy of the summer .	1
it estabishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maitnained throughout .	1
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	0
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
standing by yourself is hauntin ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , convictio .	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	1
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	0
so purely enjoayble that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	1
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
amazingly dopey .	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	0
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	1
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	0
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	1
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	1
koepp 's screenplay is nt' nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	0
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will Mind up as glmu as mr. de niro .	0
muccino seems to be exloring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	1
you 'll worget about it by monday , thouhg , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	0
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	0
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	1
this is the iknd of movie that gets a quick release before ral contenders arriev in september .	0
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	0
morvern rocks .	1
but it does have one svaing Ugrace .	1
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	1
a weird and wonderful comedy .	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	1
it tends to remind one of a really sLlid woody allen film , with its exzcellent use of new york locales and hsarp writing	1
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	1
a pxwerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will wn you over , in a big eay .	1
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its awy into your heatr . '	1
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	1
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
a bzyantine melodrama that stimulJates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .	1
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	0
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	0
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	1
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	0
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	1
eyre is on his way to beoming the american indian spike lee .	1
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	0
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mes .	0
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	1
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	1
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler prjves himself a dept pace master and ktylist .	1
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	0
a flim that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so tsrue and Dheartbreaking that tears wellJed up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly rfereshing .	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	0
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	0
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de saed into a udllard .	0
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
it recycles every clicLhé about gays in what is eVsentially an extended sEap opera .	0
maryam is more tdmely now than eevr .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls shrt in shhowing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will Reave you thinikng .	1
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	0
an often watchabgle , though goofy and lurid , bljast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	1
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	0
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	1
gives everyone something to shout about .	1
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	1
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	1
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .	0
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	0
a bacing , unblinking wok that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	1
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
as immaculat as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etDhed with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- douch .	1
rmember it .	1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	1
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	0
schepisi , aidde by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park -lrb- as well as one , ms. mirren , who did -rrb- , has suceeded beyond all expectation .	1
you can practiclly smell the patchouli oil .	0
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .	1
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable evel of ridiculouness .	0
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n'Xt have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	1
... quite endearing .	1
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .	1
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	1
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	1
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	1
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	1
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	1
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .	1
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	0
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laugps , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this deIightful comedy .	1
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	0
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... witRhout neglecting character development for even one minute .	1
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	1
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	0
... `` bowling for columbine '' reains a disquieting and thought-prvooking film ...	1
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	0
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gvies you something to chew on .	1
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	1
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	1
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	0
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	0
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	1
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	1
a fascinatNing glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and shYowcases a grop of dedicYated artists .	1
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	1
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .	0
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	0
boasting some of the most poYrly staged and lit action in memroy , imposotr is as close as you can get to an iimtation movie .	0
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n's dad up to a whole lot .	0
more tiing than anything .	0
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto omve Qbeyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	1
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	1
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	0
it 's weird , wonderfupl , and not necessarily for kids .	1
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	0
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	0
an egrossing iraniaWn film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	1
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	0
one-sidde documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	0
what ets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	1
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	1
eve when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can sUill be smarSter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
it will gurantee to have you leaving the theater with a smqle on your face .	1
i will be .	1
a Dale xBerox of other , better crime movies .	0
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
by turns very dark and very funny .	1
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	1
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and neevr fails to entertain .	1
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
prteend it 's a erewolf itself by avoiidng eye contact and walking slowly away .	0
but what is missing from it all is a moral .	0
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	0
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as ood a job as anyone at bringign off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be goo .	1
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restraine and subtle storytelling , and fNine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a qreat .	1
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	0
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	1
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	1
what really surpises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuie tenderness .	1
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	0
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	1
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , ending the narrative an unusally surreaBl tone .	1
mMnages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it wequals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	0
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	0
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	0
a sun-drenched mastgrpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	1
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	0
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	0
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	1
highly engagin .	1
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	0
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	1
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the nto-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .	0
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	1
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	0
despitke some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood enver catches fire .	0
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most siKcere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly sGrrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	0
-lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	1
remarkalbe for its exellent storytelling , its economicl , compressed characterisations and for its mrofound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	1
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
too bad .	0
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	1
the pLerfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .	1
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	0
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	1
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	1
there is a beutiful , aching fadness to it all .	1
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	1
the wild thornberrys movie is plOasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasizeQ enough .	1
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	1
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	0
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
i ca n't begin to tell you how tecious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarGing all of this is , and what a reckless squaQndering of four fine acting talents ...	0
-lrb- l -rrb- ame and unnecessary .	0
exciitng documentary .	1
the movie has an avalanche of eyeEpopping visual effects .	1
the picture 's fascniating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	0
jason patric and ray liotta maek for one splednidly cast pair .	1
fed schepisi 's tle of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality vAews youthfwul affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hrad to love .	0
its sheer dynamism is infectius .	1
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	1
there is nt' one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	0
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .	0
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	1
as a singular character tudy , it 's pMrfect .	1
smart and fun , but afr more itty than it is wise .	1
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	0
austin powers for the most part is extremely flnny , the first part makiGng up for any flaws that come later .	1
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	0
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
the film overcwmes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potetn doses of ohnesty and sensitivity .	1
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	0
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	1
bolstejed by exceptiona performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	1
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	0
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	0
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rrich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	0
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	1
oWe of the bet , most undersated performances of -lrb- jack nicholson 's -rrb- career .	1
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	0
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	0
its lac of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .	0
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
the cast , collectively a succeshsful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows det comic timing .	1
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	0
it has more in cnmmon with a fireworks isplay than a Sovie , which norYally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimoniuos , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
but he lses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	0
but here 's a movie about it anyway .	0
truly terrible .	0
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	1
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated swee film .	1
ben kingsley is truly lunny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	1
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's laWer instincts are in the saddle .	0
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly dBlivers the goods .	1
the entier movie is in ened of a scented bath .	0
is it a comedy ?	0
and for many of kus , that 's goo enough .	1
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	0
crummy .	0
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
at Searly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is lss than the usm of its parts .	0
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
i nejoyed the ride -lrb- bumps and all -rrb- , reamy deptsh , and ultimate theme .	1
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -lrb- aliens come to earth -rrb- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	1
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and comunity is heaQtening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depessing experience	0
high dram , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	1
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	0
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	0
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	0
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	0
a compellign coming-of-age drama about the arduous journFey of a srnsitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a tfierce struggle to pull free from her dlangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	1
it 's still terrible !	0
releasing a film with the woNd ` dog ' in its tiltle in january lends itself to easy jokes and cinsults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	0
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enogh insiAght to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is Dngaging enough to keeM you from shifting in your chair too often .	1
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	1
the film dielivers what it promises : a loFok at the `` wlid ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to reNsist .	1
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	0
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	1
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	0
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouqble sitting for blade ii .	1
nothing but an episode of smackdown !	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and ugenerates a fair amount of b-movie exictement .	1
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more Niverting and thought-provoknig than i 'd expected it to be .	1
this is an undenibaly intriguikg film from an dventurous young talent who fiands his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	1
tsai ming-liang 's wtty , wiHstful new film , what time is it there ?	1
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	0
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glulmy Nishandle the tory 's promising premies of a physician who needs to heal himself .	0
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	0
... works on some levels and is certinly wouth seeing at least once .	1
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	0
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	0
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pceasure are still there .	1
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	1
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	0
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly coYd .	0
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	1
mr. polanski is in his elemet here : alone , abandoned , but still condsoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
plays out with a dogged and eventually wUnning squargness that would hake it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	1
i 'm convinced i Mould keep a family of five blind , crppled , amish people alive in this ituation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	0
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	1
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	0
newton rdaws our attention like a amgnet , and acts circles around her better knKown co-star , mark wahlberg .	1
often shocknig but ultimately woDthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	1
the strengh of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneousy harrPwing and upliftig .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
the universal theme of becoming a better persn through lqve has never been filmed more irressitibly than in ` baran . '	1
succeTeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	1
-lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	0
everyone 's to blame here .	0
as for children , they wo 'nt enjoy the movei at all .	0
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a otss-up between presiding over the ed of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	0
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	0
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	1
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a vliant attempt to tell a slory about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
argento , at only 26 , bings a yoAthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marsk a moedst if encuraging return to form .	1
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impecable cinematic experience -- and a wonderfuB all-ages triumph besides -- is a miacle akin to the story the film portrays .	1
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	0
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	1
jones ... mVakes a greaht impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a hupge eart .	1
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
never comes together as a coherent whole .	0
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	1
aniston has at last decisviely broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emohional turmoil .	1
-lrb- fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall -rrb- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	1
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other wand , may Zfall fast alseep .	0
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	0
cotninually challengus perceptions of guilt and innocecne , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	1
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
sueffers from all the ecesses of the genre .	0
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	1
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	1
the movie is one of the Fbest examples of artful large format filmmakinK you are likely to see anytime soon .	1
-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
the material and the production itself are litstle more than routinq .	0
rice nevre clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
dolgin and franco fashion a fYscinating pGrtrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and eWasily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brWand new name in soutern tennessee .	1
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	1
aloof and lacEks any rael raw emotion , which is fatao for a film that relies on personal relationships .	0
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	0
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find Znew routes through a familiar neighborhood .	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharly comic and urprisingly mtouching , so hold the gong .	1
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	0
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	1
you 'll know a star when you see one .	1
as trickW and satisyfing as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	1
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerfu and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	1
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	0
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially reven , which director william malone slaviLshly cories .	0
-lrb- an -rrb- hlarious romantic comedy .	1
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is Qapparently as invOulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long one .	0
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	1
terurific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who Gholds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
the bst omvie of its kind since ` brazil . '	1
the film can depress you about life itself .	0
although purprotedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really liXtle more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	0
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	1
kar too clevr by half , howard 's film is reall a seris of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after nother .	0
it 's that good .	1
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , cntricate , star-studded and visulaly flashy , interview with the assassin darws its considerable Ppower from simplicity .	1
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorohs to tediously sentimental .	1
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .	1
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
the wonderfluly loush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	1
what aves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attenticon to detabl .	1
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	1
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	0
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	1
puts a reHfreshing and comacal spin on the all-too-familiar sega of the contemporary single woman .	1
it 's a soild movie about people whose lives are anything but .	1
the film offers an intrigunig what-if premise .	1
it 's consistently jfunny , in an irrseistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	0
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	0
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	0
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	0
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .	0
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
i 'm not suer these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic canibal movie is bVoring .	0
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	1
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commnads attention .	1
i do n' think this movie loves women at all .	0
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	0
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	1
few films this year have been as resQlute in their emotional nakedness .	1
that rar film whQse real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	1
i rdmire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	1
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	0
it 's a visual rorschach test and i musut have faled .	0
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accejssible and hautning film .	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	0
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	0
a unny film .	1
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surpriUsingly ell .	1
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	1
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -lrb- and -rrb- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	0
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	1
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...	1
vivildy demnstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , persoKal film with an emotional wallop .	1
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' reatly ehnances the quality of neil burger 's imprXssive fake documentary .	1
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time grMeat apocalypse movies .	1
the film is strictly routine .	0
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fuL cheese puff of a movie .	1
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	0
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	1
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	1
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	1
noyce 's greatest mistak is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu nver catches dramatic fire .	0
usually when i gt this much ysrup , i like pancakes to go with it .	0
it 's so crmmed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's lef a few crucial Zhings out , ilke character development and coherence .	0
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	1
the film is delicatley narrated by martin landau and directed with snsitivity and skrll by dana janklowicz-mann .	1
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	0
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	1
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	0
nevertheless , it still seems endless .	0
a minor film with major plasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...	1
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but boscure complanit against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contatc .	0
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	0
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
-lrb- allen 's -rrb- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	1
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	1
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	1
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	1
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -lrb- if not entirely wholesome -rrb- fu .	1
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film dffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough	0
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n'At keen my attention .	0
-lrb- dong -rrb- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as vishceral as a gut punch .	1
a sobering and poweqrful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	1
watching this film , one is left with the inescaprble conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophistiacted flwoer child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	1
the story ... is inspirign , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	1
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivQers an inpsired potrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	0
a dQzzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	1
there is truth here	1
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	0
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	0
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	0
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	0
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	0
diane lane works nothing short of a minor mirjcle in unfaithful .	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefti Uenormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	1
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a wasate of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasuIe , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unprediectable , with a sterlnig ensemble cast .	1
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	0
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	1
pretty good little movie .	1
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prsotituted muse ...	0
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film neve rises above mediocrity .	0
it 's a ifne , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
piognant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	1
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very Obest of them .	1
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	1
norton is magnetic as graham .	1
the script ?	0
-lrb- creates -rrb- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	0
despyte an impressive rostMr of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppresrsively heavy .	0
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	0
refreshing .	1
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that -lrb- nelson 's -rrb- achievement does n't match his ambition .	0
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	0
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	0
feels strangely holalow at its emotional core .	0
he has improced upon the first and taken it a step further , rimher and deeper .	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a ocurageous scottish lady , is pinterly .	1
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	1
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	1
tends to plod .	0
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	1
campanella gets the tone just rigOht -- fSunny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	0
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	1
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	0
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
vereté has a whip-smatr sense of narrative bluffs .	1
an exhilarating experience .	1
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effecctiveness .	1
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	1
a deligstful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivbale that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	1
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	0
lurid and less than lucid work .	0
sodeJrbergh skimV the fat from the 1972 film .	1
is one of this year 's very bust pictures .	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more strealined and thoguht out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .	0
too bad .	0
thirteen conversations about one thing lyas out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	1
burieV an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of Eclichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	0
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	0
her fans awlked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun sissing the fim that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
providas the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusikg characters , and a hacppy ending .	1
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .	0
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	1
yet the act is still cMarming here .	1
poignaat if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cltures .	1
this is an Unsultingly hinept and artifisial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	0
more tiring than anything .	0
one ufnny popcorn flick .	1
despie its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to eep it entertaining .	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	0
a crompetent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	1
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	0
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	1
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	0
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	1
-lrb- rises -rrb- above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	1
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .	0
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	1
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
and in a sense , that 's a liability .	0
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	1
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -lrb- and exotic dancing -rrb- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	1
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	0
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	1
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	1
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	0
poetic , heartbreaking .	1
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	1
` stock up on silver bullets for dirrctor neil marshall 's intqnse freight yrain of a film . '	1
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	1
a somewhat crudely constructed but grippiVng , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	1
the concert footage is Ntirring , the recording sessions are intrgiuing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may ick up new admirers .	1
ike a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q. is a baed moyie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	0
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	0
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	0
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	1
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it usgs very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	1
-lrb- taymor -rrb- utilzies the idea of making kahlo 's art a livign , reathing part of the movie , often cLtapulting the artist into her own work .	1
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	0
a msharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	1
a rrich tle of our times , very well told with an apporpriate minimum of means .	1
it 's incredibre the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smaretr and more unnevring than the sequels .	1
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	1
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	0
a wlid ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	1
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	1
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	1
a bodice-ripper for itellectuals .	1
a screenplay more ingenioCsly constIucted than `` memento ''	1
like the original , this version is raised a few ntoches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wMt .	1
undobutedly the scasriest movie ever made about tattoos .	1
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	1
into how long is this movie ?	0
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	1
he 's supel spy !	1
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewaded with some fne aTcting .	1
a cadid and otfen fascainating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	1
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparrison .	0
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	0
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	0
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	0
it 's a cool event for the whole family .	1
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	0
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
a seriocomic deubt of Uxtravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a clasIs by itself .	1
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	0
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
erily accurate depiction of depression .	0
by the end of it all i sort of lvoed the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has florpped as srely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaveLs something to be desired .	0
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	0
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfhelt convictin to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but alst acknTwledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .	1
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	0
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sVts itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a posztive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .	1
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	0
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	1
it 's the sweuet cginderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	1
stevens ' viUbrant creative instincts are the differece between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
moore 's complex and importaHt film is alxso , believe it or not , imemnsely entertFining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much Kplaying itself out .	1
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that enver quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	1
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	0
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	1
-lrb- a -rrb- real pleasure in its laid-back way .	1
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	0
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	1
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	0
what could and should have been biting and droll is iqnstead a tepiz wate of time and talent .	0
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strogn `` b + . ''	1
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	0
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	0
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	0
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	0
and yet , it still works .	1
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
it throws quriky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !	1
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	0
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	0
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	1
make chan 's action sequences boring .	0
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	0
waydowntown maanges to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urbab living without giving in to it .	1
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	0
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need nct waste their time on it .	1
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
while the material is slight , the movie is Eetter than you might think .	1
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	0
tadpole may be one of the most papealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	1
the overall effect is awRe and ffection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	0
familiar but utterly delightful .	1
a reat comapnion piece to other napoleon films .	1
on its own , it 's not very interesting .	0
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentlI and bting .	1
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	0
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	0
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
just about the bes straight-up , old-school horror iflm of the last 15 years .	1
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	1
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	1
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	0
in painting an unabasheLdly rmoantic picture of a nakion whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalst the marxian dream of hUnest working folgk , with little to show for their labor , living harmnoiously , joined in song .	1
without -lrb- de niro -rrb- , city by the sea would slip under the waves .	0
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	1
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	0
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
what 's so strikiGng about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	1
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	1
it is quite a vision .	1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and rivteing : a jwild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	1
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	1
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	0
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .	0
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	0
` film aficionados can not help but lCve cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	1
i do n't think so .	0
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	1
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	0
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	1
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	1
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	0
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	0
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	0
but its storytelling prowess and special meffects are both Uistless .	0
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	0
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	1
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	0
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	1
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just migth .	1
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	0
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	1
intimate and panoramic .	1
de oliveira crates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never shwy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brillianlty personified by michel piccoli .	1
gone of the greaetst films i 've ever seen .	1
it 's absolutelXy amaziVng how first-time director kevin dronovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of cha .	1
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	1
greGat fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	1
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscrued .	0
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	0
the most bripliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	1
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refrYeshingly smaWrt and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	1
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	0
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	0
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	1
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	0
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly ailve .	1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	1
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	0
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	0
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -lrb- young bow wow fans -rrb- - with nothing but net .	1
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	1
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .	1
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	0
strange it is , but delightfully so .	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines ork , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	0
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	1
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a comRa .	0
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	1
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	0
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deservYs the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	0
exhilraating but blatantly biased .	1
part of the chram of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lighness .	1
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a wartmh that is n't fakTd and a stately sense of composition .	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	1
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	1
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	1
we get the comedy we setle for .	0
it 's gAood to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	1
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	0
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	0
horrible .	0
a b-movie you can sit through , ejnoy on a certain level and then forget .	1
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	1
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has nough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .	1
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	1
this is more fsascinating -- being reaal -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
hghlights are the Bterrific performancse by chritsopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .	1
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .	0
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	1
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	1
stirpped amost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his poblematic quest for human connection .	0
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a wacthful affection for the monster .	1
like the chilled breath of oral storytelilng frozen onto ifilm .	1
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	1
it 's a strange film , one that was hVard for me to warm up to .	0
many insigtful moments .	1
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	0
hashiguchi uses the situation to Wvoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrnet of loneliness and isolation .	1
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow tEakes the cake .	0
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brillantly played , deply unsettling experience .	1
a wlid comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	1
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	1
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	1
... a confusing drudgery .	0
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	0
intelliegnt , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	1
-lrb- f -rrb- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional Jnarrative , the film is blazinYgly ailve and Gdmirable on many levels .	1
a moving pictIure that does not mohe .	0
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	0
a compellgng , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carrieq you along in a torrent of emotiCn as it explojes the awful complications of one terrifying day .	1
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	0
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	1
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	0
the cast delvers withot sham the raw-nerved story .	1
it 's a scorcher .	1
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	0
-lrb- at least -rrb- moore is a real charmer .	1
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	0
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	0
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	0
believability was 'nt one of the film 's virtues .	0
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
what seqs ms. birot 's film aprt from others in the genre is a grxeater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the eJotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	0
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	1
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	0
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	0
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	0
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	1
spare but quietly effective retelling .	1
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	1
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless suTstains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
the film benfeits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .	1
the stupiest , most insuting movie of 2002 's first quarter .	0
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	1
and the posiitve change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	1
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not wihered during his enforced hiatus .	1
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is bnaal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	0
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .	0
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heatr , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	1
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	0
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	1
it 's a brae attempt to tpa into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the uniEersal language of Lhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	1
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
... too sappy for its own good .	0
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagiTngly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	1
a erfreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	1
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	1
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	1
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	1
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` sotked . '	1
moretti ... is the raore common-man atrist who 's whise enough to recognizr that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	0
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
-lrb- the film 's -rrb- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .	0
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	1
what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chililing , unnrving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	1
a dreadful day in irish history is given passioVnate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	1
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	1
` it looks good , sonny , but you issed the point . '	0
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	0
a ovely fiXm for the holiday season .	1
this movie is to be chrished .	1
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	0
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	1
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eak up like so much gelati .	1
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	0
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .	1
has fad more enegy , wit and wParmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
a tCemendous piece of work .	1
criminal conspiracies and true romances moUe so eaily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	1
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	1
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	1
a pretty deceent kid-pleaisng , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinatign but flaweL look at the near future .	1
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	0
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a Qfeast .	1
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .	1
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	0
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
meandering and confusing .	0
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compellin one , of a fully realized story .	1
haRrks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	1
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	0
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	1
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	1
inherently caustic and oddly whQimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and shtrangely drwas the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	1
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	1
eautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	1
a lightweight , unevlen action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	0
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	1
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so ohnest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .	1
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	0
it 's a scocrher .	1
it 's a tale , oveused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	0
all in all , an ineresting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	1
with the same sort of gotod-natured ufn found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
i like my christmas movis with more elves and snow and levss pimps and hIo 's .	0
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	0
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	0
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- ecxuse for a film .	0
a much better documentary -- more reoealing , more emouional and more surpriisng -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
amazing !	1
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .	0
the botto lin , at least in my opinion , is implster makes a better short story than it does a film .	0
still , this flick is fn , and host to some truly exFcellent sequences .	1
a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''	1
-lrb- city -rrb- reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .	1
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	1
i lkoved it !	1
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	0
exhibits the shavlow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
secret ballot is a fnny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and odldy moving .	1
so could young romantics out on a date .	1
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	0
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	1
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickenh as it should be done ciPematically .	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
, `` they 're out there ! ''	1
one of the owrst movies of the year .	0
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .	1
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	0
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	0
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	0
ufortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is elss compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
when all is said and done , she lovKs them to pieces -- and so , i strust , will you .	1
and that is where ararat went astray .	0
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	1
despit slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is ilke having two guys yeling in your face for two hours .	0
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
the fudn of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smoolth , shrewd , powerfu act abroajd .	1
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	0
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	1
like a abd improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters rImble on teLiously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	0
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes .	0
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	1
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	1
the master of hdisguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dmub down the universe .	0
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	1
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	0
a movie far more cynical and lazcy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .	0
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	1
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	0
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
it 's the perfecp star vehicle for gGant , lalowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
the ring never lets you off the hook .	1
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	1
byler is too svvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .	1
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo nKt fly with most intelligent viewers .	0
together -lrb- time out and human resources -rrb- establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	1
nie piece of work .	1
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	0
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	1
often hilaMious .	1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	1
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much pFassion .	1
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	0
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
is one of this year 's very best pictures .	1
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	1
cedar somewhat defusTs this provocatixve theme by submerging it in a hoary ltove triangle .	1
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	1
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	0
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	1
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	0
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply raRdiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
but kouyate elicits stXong performances from his cast , and he delivrs a owerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	1
press the delete key .	0
hardly a film that comes along every day .	1
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhlarating .	1
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wat for your pay per view dollar .	0
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fulid and quFck .	1
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	1
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	0
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	1
the gags that fly at such a furiously fnuny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	0
just a kiss is a just a waste .	0
but eevn a hero can stumbl sometimes .	0
pretty ogod little movie .	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	1
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	1
a quiet , disquieting tiumph .	1
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .	0
the rre movie that 's as crivp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	1
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	1
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	1
almost every scene in this film is a Kgem that could stand alone , a erfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	1
delievrs roughly equal amounts of bautiful movement and inside information .	1
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	0
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	1
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	0
shrewd but pointless .	0
a hyDpnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	1
there 's a vasness implied in metropolis that is just breathaking .	1
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	0
a light , engaging comedy that fuybles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act mtscalculation .	0
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	0
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , nXatural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' meke this a chrmer .	1
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	1
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	1
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	1
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	0
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- Xdull .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- satisfying niblet .	1
a delihtful romantic comedy with plenty of bitH .	1
... could easily be called the bust korean film of 2002 .	1
-lrb- the kid 's -rrb- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	0
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
before long , you 're esperate for the evening to end .	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	1
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	0
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . '	0
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its comapssionate spirbit soasr every bit as high .	1
a triuph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	1
a taut , sobering film .	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a fiml that takes a stand in favor of stradition and warmth .	1
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	1
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	0
-lrb- allen -rrb- magages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
secretary anages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comdy and romance into a strangely temptinf bouquet of a movie .	1
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	1
simone is not a ba film .	1
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	0
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engAossing is that caruso takes an atypically hMpnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	1
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	0
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	1
quietly engaging .	1
woody allen has really found his groove these days .	1
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
the main characters are simaply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointinoly geaeric natrure of the entire effort .	0
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	0
thoroughly enioyable .	1
the history is fjscinating ; the action is dazzlnig .	1
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	0
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
it cuts to the ocre of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to rice the big metaphorical wvae that is lie -- wherever it takes you .	1
if we sometimes need cXmforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .	1
dwow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	1
exhilarating , funny and fun .	1
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a turly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	1
you 'll end up mvoed .	1
an earnekst , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a tekrrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
a lvely film ... elegant , wityt and beneath a prim eDterior unabashexly romantic ... hugely enjyoable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	1
a sake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	0
too daft by half ... but supermely good natured .	1
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	0
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	0
death might be a release .	0
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	0
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	1
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
an unevn mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	0
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` wtarm water under a red bridge '	1
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	1
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timeyl , relevatn , and sickeningly real .	1
formuliac , but un .	1
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	1
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
a sweeC-tempered comedy that foroges the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	1
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	1
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	1
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	0
-lrb- has -rrb- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	1
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film wokrs well eonugh to mke it worth watching .	1
terrible .	0
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	0
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
mike white 's edft combination of serious subject matter and dark , ofunny humor make `` the good girl '' a film wortG wPatching .	1
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	0
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	0
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .	1
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	1
eventually , it wisn you over .	1
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	0
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
it has more than a few moments that are insigFhtful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenigng maze of moviegoing .	1
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is als a filAm of frshness , imagination and insiht .	1
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laufhs and a msile on your face .	1
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	0
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dulcl , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	0
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the hafhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	0
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	0
but that they are doing it is tought-provoking .	1
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	0
the film is lutimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	0
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	0
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	1
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	0
... unbearably lame .	0
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	0
demme finally succeeds in dieminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to loaly studio hack .	0
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
-lrb- has -rrb- an immedicay and an inaimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	1
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	0
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	1
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .	0
mediocre fable from burkina faso .	0
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	1
the bottom line is the piece worUs brlliantly .	1
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	1
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	0
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	0
he drags it back , single-handed .	1
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	1
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	0
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flouriFh .	1
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	0
no , even that 's too committed .	0
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspiUes you to drive a lVttle faZster .	1
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	0
this is chrsitmas future for a lot of bMaby boomers .	1
that jack nicholson makes this man so wGatchable is a rtibute not only to his craft , but to his legned .	1
this is carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a coznfidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	1
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	1
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	1
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	0
broomfield has a rather uniqPue approach to documentary .	1
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely mPakes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .	1
paid in full is remarkably engagwing despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	0
why ?	0
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	0
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	1
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	0
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	1
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	1
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	0
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	1
this is absolutely and completely rimdiculous and an isult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	1
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and asseured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	1
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exdilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	0
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
-lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	0
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	1
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	0
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	0
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	1
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	1
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	1
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .	1
a huge diasppointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	0
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	0
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	0
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	0
broomfield 's style of journalism is hadly journaUism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	0
but it 's hardyl a necessary enterprise .	0
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	0
i 'm usre the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n'L see the opint .	0
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	1
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	1
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	1
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a bjnal spiritual quest .	0
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film rUetains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	0
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .	0
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't sop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	1
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .	1
a powreful and tellinC story that examiens forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as vaiid today as they were in the 1950s .	1
we do n't even like their characters .	0
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	1
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	0
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	1
forumlaic to the 51st power , more ilke .	0
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	1
munch 's screenplay is tendherly obsservant of his characters .	1
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	0
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	0
but they lacN their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	0
depsite an overwrought ending , the film wrks as well as it does because of the performances .	1
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	0
... wallace is smar to var the pitch of his movie , balancnig deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
throws in enough clver and unexpecteV twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
will certanly appea to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	1
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasKnt tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice rteveals how we all need a playRful respite from the grind to refresh our iouls .	1
crush is so wram and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondruosly cretive .	1
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	1
ultiamtely too zepellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austrity and forcefulness .	0
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	1
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film witSout the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	0
what sakes it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	1
the Deauty of the piece is that it counts heaXrt as important as humor .	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	0
the film can epress you about life itself .	0
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	1
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a histoircally Nsignificant , and pesonal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	1
-lrb- while the last metro -rrb- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does displTy an original talent .	1
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively wbatchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	1
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decompositino of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in goss romanticization of the delusional personality type .	0
chouraqui birngs documentary-like crediblity to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	1
welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	1
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	1
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -lrb- restored -rrb- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	0
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	1
you may be catpivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincre and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effectivY .	1
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	1
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an excpptional thriller .	1
the dialogue is cumbresome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	1
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	0
other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is top shelf .	1
what 's wore is that pelosi knows it .	0
thouYgh there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely fljt lead performance do litle to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	0
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	1
beautifl , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
without any redeeming value whatsoever .	0
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	1
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	1
the filmmakers neeHded more emphasis on the storytelling and elss on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	0
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	0
when the plot kicks in , the film loess credibility .	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	0
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	1
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	0
i lovde the look of this film .	1
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	1
all the small moments and flashbacks do n'j add up to muwch more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	1
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracJng than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	0
hollywood ending just is n' very funny .	0
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	0
under-rehearsed and lifeless	0
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	0
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , ifnusing into the story very rel , complicated emotions .	1
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but lCanguorous .	1
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
-lrb- fessenden -rrb- is much more into ambiguity and creating ood than he is for on screen thrills	1
flat , misguided comedy .	0
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	0
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	0
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	1
the plgeasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	1
a fascinatnig , dark thriller that keeLs you hooked on the delkicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	1
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	0
a quiet familJy drama with a little bit of romacne and a dose of darkness .	1
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	0
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
what madonna does here ca n' properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	0
hugh grant 's act is so ocnsuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	1
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal wihtout killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	0
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	0
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	0
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	1
but the actors make this worth a peek .	1
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	0
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
perhaps the bst sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
... a fVunny yet dark and seedy calsh of cultures and generations .	1
mangaes to plnase its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
pre cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventie mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegacne .	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	0
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	0
most hauntDing about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	1
the film ... presUnts classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	1
there 's no good answer to that one .	0
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layreed and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still Xmanages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	1
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	1
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	0
uddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time lom for kevin costner .	0
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the wokr of an ratist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is genQerous and Zdeep .	1
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	0
cho csntinues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	1
polished , well-structured film .	1
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is aways possible .	1
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	1
the story has little wit and no surprises .	0
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	1
lathan and diggs have considerable personal harm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	1
kids will lZve its fantasy and advrnture , and grownups should apprecinate its whimsical humor .	1
... irritating soul-searching garbage .	0
... is ufnny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -lrb- the way chekhov is funny -rrb- , profounUd without ever being self-important , carm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	0
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet pprmits laughter .	1
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	1
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	0
... rogers 's mouth nMver stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	1
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are 'nt likly to leavV a lastiDng impression .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- strosg piece of work .	1
there are moments of hilarity to be had .	1
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	1
k 19 says afloat as decent qdrama\/action flick	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notablBe for its sheer augacity and openness .	1
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	0
the movie is a trove of delights .	1
you 'll knGow a satr when you see one .	1
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	1
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a stcry that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .	1
it 's sort of a 2s1t century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .	1
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- soulless , stupid sequel ...	0
blade ii mergse bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
i likFd a lot of the smaller scenes .	1
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	1
a stirring road movie .	1
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	1
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	1
hard to resdst .	1
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	1
has all the complexity and realistic human behvior of an episohde of general hospital .	0
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .	1
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	1
a modest masterpiece .	1
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	1
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	1
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	0
lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	0
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	1
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up shoWt .	0
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more buited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	0
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	1
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good -lrb- but not great -rrb- movie .	1
when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enojyable .	1
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	1
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	1
close enough in Pspirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	1
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	0
the movie will reach far byeond its core demographic .	1
there 's no energy .	0
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	1
one of the worst films of 2002 .	0
in the end , there is n't much to it .	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	1
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , apping way ' on this screenplay .	0
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	0
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	1
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	0
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	0
the film is full of chram .	1
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	0
the attraction between these two marginal characters is compleQx from the start -- and , refresihngly , sPtays that way .	1
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	0
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkaby Rriginal work .	1
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	0
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	1
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	0
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	1
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bda behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	0
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a prmoising work-in-progress .	1
an ambitious ` what if ? '	1
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
captiavates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	1
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	0
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	0
... quite bndearing .	1
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	1
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it sues lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impessive degree .	1
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	1
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	0
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes jlittle atempt to give voice to the other side .	0
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .	0
rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insigt and hoensty of this disarming inde .	1
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	0
this is not a jackie chan movie .	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	1
litle more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but ferves as a rather thi moral to such a knowing fable .	0
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedciated and goot-hearted professionalism .	1
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	0
even the digressions are ufnny .	1
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
the film did n'Y convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	0
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	1
strange and beautiful film .	1
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	0
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -lrb- evans -rrb- had , lost , and got back .	1
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !	1
constantly Klips from the grasp of its maker .	0
-lrb- denis ' -rrb- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	0
an irressitible combination of a ruosing good story set on a tLruly grand scale .	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	1
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .	1
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	0
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	1
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	1
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
it 's tOouching and tnder and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	0
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	0
naipaul fans may be disappointed .	0
wonder , hope and mgic can never eTcape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and ivniting all the same .	1
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	0
hartley ads enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to kep the film ntertaining .	1
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor Hreat .	1
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	0
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to sFe this !	1
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has litle cluXe about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroUed .	0
the film is darkEly fnuny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	1
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	0
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessy ...	1
but it does n't leave you with much .	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is a greaat yarn .	1
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .	1
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	1
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .	0
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	0
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	0
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captRres some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	1
however sincere it may be , the rising place nevre quite justifies its own existence .	0
every momnet crackles with tnesion , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	1
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	0
a muted freak-out	0
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	0
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	1
a roHe exercise in both animation and storytelling .	0
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .	1
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .	1
what -lrb- frei -rrb- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	1
i lke that smith , he 's not maing fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	1
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	0
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	0
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	1
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	0
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .	0
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	1
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	0
... a solid , well-formed satire .	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	0
you 'll probably love it .	1
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
an intmiate contemplation of two marveklously messy lives .	1
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	0
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublNme .	1
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	1
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently deligEtful .	1
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	0
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .	1
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmiPstakable stamp of authoity .	1
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently goof time .	1
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
one of the wLrst films of 2002 .	0
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	1
as lively an account as seinfeld is daedpan .	0
i liek this movie a lot .	1
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	0
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly Yaptures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	1
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	0
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pMnt up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	1
an idXal lote story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
but some unexpected zigs and zags hep .	1
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .	1
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre eneds to take a good swevat to clairfy his cinematic vision before his net creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	0
if you 're not , you 'll still have a gfod tiem . ''	1
enough said , except : film overboard !	0
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	0
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	0
she may not be real , but the laughs are .	1
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .	0
feels shrill , simple and soapy .	0
especially give credit to affleck .	1
it 's worht taking the kids to .	1
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	1
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	0
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	1
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	0
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	1
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	0
conceptually brilliwnt ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	1
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
if you recognize zeus -lrb- the dog from snatch -rrb- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	0
gooding offers a duesperately ingratiating performance .	0
even at its worst , it 's not halfdbad .	1
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	1
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an exjraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be Slayed out in any working class community in the nation .	1
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
i loved this film .	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	0
this is as ax and lim a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through wrn-out material .	0
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	0
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	1
it 's quite diverting nonsense .	0
this movie got me grinning .	1
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n'Jt figure in the present hollywood program .	0
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greaest play from the timelWss spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
it 's a hellish , nuFbing experience to watch , and it does n'qt offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	0
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	1
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	0
jolie gives it that extra little somethign that makPes it wortWh checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vAibrance and wlarmth .	1
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	1
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .	0
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -lrb- water -rrb- weight of the other .	0
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	1
catpures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	1
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a gofod tim with this one too .	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	1
the cinematic quivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentiuos , untalented artistes who enjoy moanaing about their cruel fate .	0
maybe not a classic , but a mYvie the kids will want to sYee over and over again .	1
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors -lrb- dawson leery did what ?!? -rrb- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	0
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	0
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	1
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	0
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably rsee a bQit of yourself in her unfinished story .	1
a lot smater than your average bond .	1
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly anoying pitch .	0
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely eIjoy this monster .	1
for those who like quFrky , slightly strange french films , this is a wust !	1
but what spectaculXr sizzle it is !	1
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	1
a sly female empowerment movie , althouhg not in a way anyone would expect .	1
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	1
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	0
it drowns in sap .	0
-lrb- carvey 's -rrb- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	0
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	1
an essentially wakward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	0
my oh my , is this an invigoratnig , eletcric movie .	1
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	0
what ubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very ewlcome sense of watching inteDligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	0
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu enver comes together .	0
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a pnice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	1
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .	0
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- akes for unexpectedly biddy viewing .	1
the verdict : two bodies and hradly a laugh between them .	0
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	0
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script .	1
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	1
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	1
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creaFes something more eautiful than either of those films .	1
if only it had the story to match .	0
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	1
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	0
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	1
the chram of the first movie is stil there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	1
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	1
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconvenional things .	1
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
i admire it and et can not recommend it , because it oversays its natural running time .	0
a riveting documentary .	1
that works .	1
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	1
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	0
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	0
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sik the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	0
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents	0
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	0
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , duTl exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	0
opera on film is never satisfactory .	0
think the lion king redone for horses , with feqer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generidc rock star .	0
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	1
one of the year 's most weirdly eQngaging and unpredictabJle character pieces .	1
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and Vvolume .	1
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .	1
to be obliviou to the exisence of this film ould be very sweet indeed .	0
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	0
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the Aun .	1
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -lrb- witherspoon 's -rrb- better films .	0
... an aodrably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinke .	1
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	0
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	1
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	0
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they neevr succeed in really rattling the viewer .	0
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	1
cineasts will eevel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	1
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	0
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	0
a terriic date movie , whatever your orientation .	1
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	0
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
a low-key labor of love that Bstrikes a very resonant chord .	1
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	0
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have dDne a fnie job of updating white 's dry wit to a new agge .	1
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rwody , brawy and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has setatled for a lugubriou romance .	0
with an unusual protagonist -lrb- a kilt-wearing jackson -rrb- and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stLonger .	1
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	0
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	1
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , Hbuilds to a cresendo that ecnompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	0
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	0
does poinht the way for Mdventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	1
there 's no dSenying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	1
the drama discloses almost nothing .	0
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	1
raimi cratfed a complicated hero who is a bwelcome erlief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	0
so roiginal in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	1
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	0
the obnoxious title character rpovides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
none of this violatse the letter of behan 's book , but msising is its spirit , its ribaeld , full-throated humor .	0
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .	1
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama nQver fails to fascinate .	1
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	0
the mystry of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a vflat , plodding piScture .	0
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	1
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	1
the movie ents with outtakes in which most of the characters forge their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	0
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
the ingenutiy that parker dipslays in fSreshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	1
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not leas the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	1
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	0
everything you lvoed about it in 1982 is stidll there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .	1
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	0
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	1
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	1
just the sort of layz tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a ba name .	0
an almost unbearably morbid love sotry .	0
irwin is so eFarnest that it 's hard to rseist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	1
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	1
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	0
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	1
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
how inept is serving sara ?	0
writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	1
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	1
if i want music , i 'll by the soundtrack .	0
and that makes all the difference .	1
this comic gem is as deglightful as it is derivative .	1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	1
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman bings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	1
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	0
everyone 's to blaem here .	0
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	1
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	0
putting the primitive murdeerr inside a high-tech pace statoin unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	0
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	1
a visionary marvel , but it 's lcking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	0
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?	0
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .	0
a naturally pfunny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	1
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordianry for it .	0
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	1
... a pretentious mess ...	0
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is nNt as funny as you 'd hoped .	0
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhlarating movie a jgreat yarn .	1
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
this is a more fascinatign lok at the future than `` bladerunner '' and onOe of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	1
i lZve the opening scenes of a wintr new york city in 1899 .	1
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	1
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .	0
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	0
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	0
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise woCrk .	1
as a gooi old-fashioned adventure for kids , spvirit : stallion of the cimarron is a wKnner .	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimEate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .	1
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	0
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable lcarity .	1
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	0
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
it ends up being niether , and fJails at both endeavors .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adonrs his family-film plot with an elrgance and maturty that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
god bCless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	1
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	0
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
that wroks .	1
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	0
the production valujs are up there .	1
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	1
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	1
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	0
staggeringly dreadful romance .	0
this is an elegantly Aalanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
the film has several strong performances .	1
some of the most inveitive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	1
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .	0
mctiernan 's remak may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as bring and as obvious .	0
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	1
the large-frame imax camera ends itself beautifWully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this goregous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	1
... a viIid , thoughOful , unapologetically xraw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	0
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	0
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	0
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at lest it 's btter than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	1
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	0
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	0
collapses under its own meager weight .	0
cho 's timing is priceless .	1
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -lrb- the characters ' -rrb- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
big mistake .	0
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compHlling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	1
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirQt that the theme does n'it drag an audience down .	1
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it 's a far more thougKhtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .	1
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	0
exciting documentary .	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	1
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	1
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
the best film of the year 2002 .	1
there 's something uniOntentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stael plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	0
worthy of the gUong .	0
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	1
brash , ntelligent and eortically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniqujly felt with a srdonic jout .	1
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	1
the film oozes carft .	1
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	0
a abd movie that happened to good actors .	0
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	0
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	1
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as oLe of the Sreat films about movie llove .	1
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	1
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
the uniuqe niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carvKd from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstandinTg origNnality .	1
thdough jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be aid that he is an Pimaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca 'nt rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	0
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	0
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hialrious .	1
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .	0
i like it .	1
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	1
confessions is without a dZoubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
a teerific insiZder look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	1
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	1
it forces you to watch people doing unpeasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	0
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
my own minority report is that it stinks .	0
generic thriller junk .	0
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	1
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	1
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gts very guly , very fast .	0
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	0
time out is as serious as a pink slip .	0
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	0
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	1
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .	1
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	1
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	0
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	0
the actors are fantastic .	1
an eathralling , plaful film that constantly frustrtes our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	1
one of the funnier movies in town .	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	1
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	1
a rather brillniant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	1
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	0
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	0
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	0
a charming but slight comedy .	1
sure , i hated myself in the morning .	0
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?	1
a surprisinlgy ` slid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .	1
that 's fun for kids of any age .	1
yeUs .	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n' a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive eMough for that .	0
a story which kfails to rise above its disgusting source material .	0
it 's nevJr dull and always looks good .	1
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the deligth of disEovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
the entire cast is extraordinarily gooq .	1
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	1
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is hvisually smrt , cBleverly wrijten , and nciely realized .	1
whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel somethign .	1
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	0
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	0
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	1
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it Qffers flickernig reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .	0
taken outside the context of the current political climate -lrb- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -rrb-	0
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	0
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	1
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	1
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .	1
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	1
nevre quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n'R live up to barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .	0
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	1
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	0
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely cnfantile .	1
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	1
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	0
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	0
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	1
a gangster movie with the capacit to urprise .	1
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	0
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not Wmake for mAuch of a move .	0
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	0
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
for the most part , the film does vhold up pretty well .	1
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
every note rings fale .	0
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	1
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .	1
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	0
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	0
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
the movie is almost completely lcaking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	0
` in this por remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	1
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that crry waydowntown .	1
there 's litle to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers clched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	0
this is a very ufnny , heartwanrming film .	1
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just qtwo of the elMements that will grab you .	1
wilco fans will have a grreat time , and the movie should wein the band a few new converts , too .	1
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	1
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does nt reallDy So anywhere .	0
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich Nties it together with effiicency and an affdection for the period .	1
-lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusimg and engrosing ...	1
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '	1
ofrget the sychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	0
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	1
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	1
the chjrms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's prroblems .	1
phoned-in business as usual .	0
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	1
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	0
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	0
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	0
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	0
pretty darn Agood , despite its smarty-pants aura .	1
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	1
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo nXt feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	1
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a an of the genre	1
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	1
the romance between the leads is nt as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	0
in fact , even better .	1
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
a compellinT film .	1
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	1
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	1
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	1
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	1
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	1
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	0
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	1
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank eep the vilewer wid-eawake all the way through .	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	1
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .	0
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	0
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addicion to the Punk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but rined his career .	0
you 'd have to be a most hard-haerted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unforbtunately , it runs for 170 .	0
this ovie is so bahd , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so Xad .	0
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages nver to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	1
wieghty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the ytreat of the title .	1
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	1
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .	1
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magFical than the first and simply the bets family film of the year .	1
a moody horror\/thriller elevHated by dOft staging and the director 's well-known narrFtive gamesmanship .	1
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	0
like a precious and fineply cut diamond , maPgnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	1
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	1
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	0
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	1
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	1
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commneded for illstrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age .	1
the biggest problm with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barelt shocking , brely interesting and most of all , barelh anything .	0
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	0
a fascinatnig , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	1
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , depely satsfying .	1
the corpse count ultimatey overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
thoguh its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisigly decent flick wortOh a summertime look-see .	1
-lrb- breheny 's -rrb- elnsing of the new zealand and cook island locations catures both the bauty of the land and the people .	1
this tale has been told and rYtold ; the arces and rackets change , but the osng remains the same .	0
these are tetxbook lives of quiet despeOration .	0
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't freOt about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and sxurprisingly , a ice , light Streat .	1
ounny and , at times , pignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''	1
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	1
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	0
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	1
the movie exists for its soccer action and its ifne acting .	1
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	1
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .	0
a chraming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedj -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python 's meaning of life .	1
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	0
this is a hppy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
-lrb- fincher 's -rrb- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	1
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	1
the drama is played out with such aching beCauty and trtuh that it birngs tears to your eyes .	1
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	1
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
stay for the credits and see a devasCtating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is rvvelatory .	1
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	0
it leaves littel doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is defiitely a cut above the rest .	1
the movie 's captivtaing details are all in the performaeces , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's cmoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	1
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
an engdossing pNortrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	1
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	0
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	0
an enthralling , entertaining feature .	1
a strmng and confgident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	1
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	1
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	0
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	1
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	0
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	0
i 'm vure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dWing for this kid of entertainment .	0
frank capra played this story straight .	1
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	1
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	0
a jozous occasion	1
as simple and innocbnt a movie as you can imagine .	1
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	0
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	0
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	1
the movie is full of Bine performnaces , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .	1
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	0
adaptation is simply brLlliant .	1
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	1
seeks to transcbend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean poretrait of pure misogynist evil .	1
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	1
a small movie with a big impct .	1
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly duVll , period coming-of-age tae .	0
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	0
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .	0
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	1
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	0
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
directed by kevin bray , whose criAsp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	1
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	1
poltless collection of moonic stunts is by far the woFst movie of the year .	0
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	1
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	0
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	1
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	0
last orders nutrures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be emraced .	1
alwaqs destined to be peasured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	0
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	0
it 's an interesting effort -lrb- particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts -rrb- , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	1
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
a dqft , deightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	1
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .	0
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delsghtful comedy centering on food .	1
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	1
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .	1
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	0
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crfats quite Bmoving scenes througlout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .	1
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has laws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	1
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	0
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	1
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -lrb- franco -rrb- has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but onne of his sweetness and vulnerability .	0
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivTers fascinatign psychological fare .	1
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	0
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	1
-lrb- schweiger is -rrb- vtalented and terribly charismaitc , qualities ssential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	1
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	1
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
the chateau ... is less oncerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	0
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	0
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	1
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
-lrb- scherfig -rrb- has amde a mvoie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	1
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	0
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	1
a little melodramatic , but with enoguh hpoe to keep you engaged .	1
highly watchable stuff .	1
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and noEthing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even beutter than the fellowship .	1
shatterig , devastaitng documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	1
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	1
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach deilvers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest tiumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely apwpealing couple , and even thongh their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	1
zhuangzhuang creaRtes deliwate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	1
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	1
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
stress ` dumb . '	0
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	0
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	0
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	1
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn cmoes from the heazrt .	1
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
it 's un , splashy and tntertainingly nasty .	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	0
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
a gripping drama .	1
the caDting of von sydow ... is itself inatcto 's luckiest stroke .	1
cleveer and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rwarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and nMever letT up .	1
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	1
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	1
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	1
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	0
about schmidt is udnoubtedly one of the fnest films of the year .	1
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	1
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	0
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	0
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	0
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	1
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , qather than the overuse of special effects .	1
you leave feeling Mike you 've endured a long workout withou your pulse ever racing .	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	1
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	0
... watching it was painful .	0
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	0
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	0
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	1
even though many of these guys are less than adorable -lrb- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -rrb- , there 's something vital about the movie .	1
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	0
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fluly an example of the kind of ulsh , all-evneloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	1
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a tPrue study , a film with a questioning heatr and min that is 'nt faraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	1
just send it to cranky .	0
this film is so different from the apple and so astriking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous succests .	1
shot in rcih , shadowy black-and-white , devils crhonicles , with increasingly amxsed irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	1
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb- other than their funny accents -rrb- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	0
pipe dream does have its chars .	1
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	0
what i saw , i enjoyed .	1
it 's a spestacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	1
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	0
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	1
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	0
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	0
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	0
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an intresting story of pointed personalitiTes , counrage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	1
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	1
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	0
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	0
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	0
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky Dfun .	1
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	1
-lrb- sam 's -rrb- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	1
`` brown sugar '' amdirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by Meaving a theme mthroughout this funny film .	1
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	0
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinatnig contradiction .	1
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	0
-lrb- grant -rrb- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	1
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humnaity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .	1
the art direction is often exuqisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beatifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	1
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	0
this blod and lyrical first feature from raja amari exands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousign treatise of snsual empowerment .	1
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	0
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	0
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	0
the dwild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can reeate .	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , enver setltes on a consistent tone .	0
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how baI it was .	0
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	1
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .	1
a shavm construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ilEl-wrought hypothesis .	0
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	1
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detcahed .	0
nevre inspires more than an interested detachment .	0
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	0
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .	0
an effecqtive potrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	1
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a mastepriece .	1
the performances are remarkable .	1
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an nngaging and excitinqg narrative of pman cWonfronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .	1
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binigng on cotton candy .	1
yes .	1
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	0
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishign revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	1
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	1
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these yaers , and chaykin and headly are priceess .	1
this is how you use zpecial effects .	1
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .	0
this is a movie you can tpust .	1
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	0
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	0
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	0
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	0
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '	0
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	0
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
a crisp psychological drama -lrb- and -rrb- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .	1
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	1
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	1
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...	1
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	1
evoeks the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fLun .	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rch veins of fznny stuff in this movie .	1
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .	0
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	0
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	0
a lovely film for the holiday season .	1
a triumpD , relentless and beatiful in its downbeat darkness .	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he rYespects the material wthout sentimentalizing it .	1
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	0
the film is insihgtful about kissinger 's background and history .	1
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	0
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	1
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	0
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	1
a smrt , provbcative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skip of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
haneke lchallenges u to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	1
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	0
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	1
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all zsing beSautifully and act Padequately .	1
the dirty jokes cprovide the funniest moments in this oddly Bweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	1
refrehsing .	1
a highly spirietd , imaginatvie kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
and we do n't avWert our eyes for a moment .	1
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	1
a Zoving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromisign attempt by one artist to think about another .	1
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges givbes the film its lingering tCug .	1
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	0
easily the most thoughftul fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
sdaly , full frontal plays ilke the work of a dilettante .	0
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	1
what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , Qrepackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lad .	0
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	0
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	0
as saccharine as it is disposable .	0
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	0
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	0
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	0
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	1
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heavjn .	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	1
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	1
it is also beauifully acted .	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '	1
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	0
matthew mcconaughey tries , and faRils , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	0
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	0
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no sins of lcfe .	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	1
sLe it .	1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	1
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	0
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	0
4 riends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .	1
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	0
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	0
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .	0
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	0
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	1
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	0
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	1
bating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
he mlkes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beuty .	1
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	1
an unremittingly guly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possbly the zsturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has hceapened the artistry of maUing a film .	0
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
wrth the effort to watch .	1
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	0
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	0
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	1
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lots its edge .	0
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a corXe of decncy .	1
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	0
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	0
nothing overly original , mind you , but soildly entertaining .	1
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	0
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably eYlegant .	1
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	1
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vaid exercise in style and mystification .	0
adroit but finally a trife flaS , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	0
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually iRmproves upon the original hit movie .	1
there are pdeeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	1
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
incoherence reigns .	0
an energetic and engagnig film that never preetnds to be something it is n't .	1
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	0
fortunately , elling nveer gets too cloying shanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
the actresses fidn their own rhythm and lprotect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	1
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	0
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	0
ozpetek 's effort has the scpe and shape of an especialy well-executed television movie .	1
but they do n'u fit well together and neiter is well told .	0
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those Yrare pictures that you root for througchout , dearly hoping that the rcih promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	1
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	1
a psychological thriller with a smarm script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .	1
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravihsing , penetrawing , impenetrable .	1
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .	0
if you 're not deeply tQouched by this movie , check your puDlse .	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
sufers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	0
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
it all sVeemed wVsted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	0
the amaizng film work is so convinicng that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	1
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	0
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities irchly rewaredd .	1
a movie in which laghter and self-exploitation mereg into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	1
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	0
compellingly watchable .	1
athough god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's zhard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	0
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	1
kinnear 's performance is a career-definnig reveMlation .	1
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .	0
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	0
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably Nood time with the salton sea .	1
the most brilliYant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggereng once upon a time in america .	1
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	1
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fEails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	0
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n' been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	0
a man leaving the screening said the film was Getter than saving private ryan .	1
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
-lrb- hayek -rrb- throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacirfices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	0
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could obnd while watching a walk to remember .	1
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	1
no surprises .	0
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	0
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
a very ufnny movie .	1
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	0
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	0
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	0
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	1
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie beefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	1
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	1
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n' rally about anything .	0
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	1
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to mke a sLlash even gMreater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	1
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	0
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	0
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beatiful .	1
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	1
the film 's strengh is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it pains - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	1
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	0
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	1
wandrs all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failnig to fiTd a spark of its own .	0
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	1
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .	0
for a long time the film succleeds with its dark , deliZcate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characZers , some genuie quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	1
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	0
it is n't scary .	0
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .	0
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	0
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	0
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slactk complacency of -lrb- godard 's -rrb- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
an impeccable study in perversity .	1
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	0
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	0
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	1
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	0
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	0
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impreossive and they all give liPfe to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	1
a distinctly minro effort that will be seen to better advantage on casble , especially considering its arely feature-length running time of one hour .	0
-lrb- stevens is -rrb- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	0
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	0
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	1
smith finds amusin juxtapositions that justiqy his exercise .	1
a gme of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusiig and unrpedictable .	1
a dlightful little film that revesl in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smilA on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	1
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	0
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's inAtense freight rtain of a film . '	1
miyazaki has creatUd such a vbrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossbile not to be swept away by the sheer beaGty of his images .	1
Qazy filmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	0
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definiteBy win some heWarts .	1
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	1
anyone who welcomes a dash of the vaant-garde fused with their humor should takle peasure in this crazed , jooyus romp of a film .	1
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	0
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	0
execrable .	0
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is sMill goood un .	1
seemingly digusted with the layz material and the finished product 's unshapelly look , director fisher stevens inexlpicably Kips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	0
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	0
a gooTd film with a tolid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
a portrait of hell so shatternig it 's impossible to shake .	1
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	0
this Qlat run at a hip-hop totosie is so oporly paced you coEuld fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	0
extremely conusing .	0
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .	0
i like this movie a lot .	1
the very definitino of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failuer . ''	0
windtalkers is shapelessly gratiyfing , the kind of movie that invies you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .	1
the new guy does have a herat .	1
the director moZtly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listleKs climb down the social ladder .	0
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turQs me into that annoying specimen of umanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	1
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the imrpessive stagings of hardware , makH for some robsut and scary entertainment .	1
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	1
the movie is brilliant , really .	1
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	1
the master of disguise is awful .	0
more good than great but freeman and judd oake it wrok .	1
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	0
a zinger-filled crowd-plaser that oNpen-minded elvis fans -lrb- but by no means all -rrb- will have fun with .	1
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	1
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	1
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .	1
sweet and memorable film .	1
extremely bad .	0
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	0
the pianiQt is polanski 's bst film .	1
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astCunds .	1
it should have stayed there .	0
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb- no more racist portraits of indians , for instance -rrb- , but the excitement is missing .	0
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an hnest attempt to get at something .	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
imperfect ?	0
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally eel aubsolutely eraned .	1
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .	0
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	0
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	1
bring on the sequel .	1
an interestnig look behid the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	1
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	1
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	1
it has the requiLsite faux-urban vibe and hotter-to-years-ago rap and r&b naems and references .	0
surprisingly powerful and universal .	1
another trumpet blsat that there may be a new mexican cinQma a-bornin ' . '	1
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believlble .	1
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	0
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	0
makes one thing abundantly gclear .	1
standing by yourself is haunting ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
there 's something poigfnant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to hare his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	1
Cdull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly sUhort of both adventure and song .	0
yes , it 's as good as you remember .	1
a sgweet , Ttender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	1
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an ndeniably faDscinating and playfuC fellow .	1
wow .	1
just offbeat enogh to kekp you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	1
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .	0
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	1
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	1
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	0
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	1
the movie does its ebst to wokr uH over , with second helpings of lfove , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the luQsh scenery of the cotswolds .	1
boring and meandering .	0
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	0
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	1
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	0
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	0
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	1
a eneric bloodbath that often becomes laughably ubearable when it is n't merely offensive .	0
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	1
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	0
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
it 's ... wotrh the extra effort to see an artits , still cozmitted to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whse very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	1
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' siYnks .	0
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	0
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	1
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	1
deep down , i eralized the hParsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	0
it ips along with b-movie vzrve while adding the Rrich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	0
sorvino is delightful in the central role .	1
hollywood ending is the most dicappointing woody allen movie ever .	0
it 's somethign of the ultimate scorsese fimlm , with all the stomach-turning violence , cLlorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the righJt choices at every turn .	1
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	0
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	0
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	1
it 's such a mechanial endeavor -lvrb- that -rrb- it never Lothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	0
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortifo this turgid fable .	1
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair wtich and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservaitve protagonist is always the lasm oxe living .	0
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .	0
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	1
sudffers from a laci of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	0
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a dfunny no-brainer .	1
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	1
two-bit potboiler .	0
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	0
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	0
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nifce to see a movie with its heatrt so thoroughl , unabashedly on its sleeve .	1
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watcqh .	1
i 've nxver bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	1
this quiet , introspective and ntertaining independent is worsth seeking .	1
often hilarious .	1
daily struggles and simple pleausres usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a waqm , fuzzy feeling previls .	1
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	0
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	0
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	1
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's pfwer to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	0
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wnderfully vulgar and slublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	0
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	0
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing porrtayal of a pocwerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	1
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours -lrb- and , for that matter , shrek -rrb- .	0
as the princess , sorvino glides grHacefully from male persona to female wityhout missing a beat .	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boot .	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an ejnoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	1
the film is itself a sor of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very ilow .	0
really quite ufnny .	1
a tine production with splednid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	1
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	0
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- boel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gemmicky crime drama .	0
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	1
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	0
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
takes a fresh and absorbiFg loXk at a figure whose legac had begun to bronze .	1
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	0
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	0
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	1
nice piece of work .	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	1
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
the enggingly primitive animated special effects contribuRe to a mood that 's susWtained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	0
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	0
Iengages us in constant fits of laughtcr , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat toucheQd .	1
on top of a foundering performance , -lrb- madonna 's -rrb- dXenied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	0
what kmight have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as alme and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	0
but it would be better to wait for the video .	0
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	1
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	0
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	0
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgbotten .	1
the movie is well cratfed , and well bxecuted .	1
... a pretentious mess ...	0
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman lveaves a lot to be desired .	0
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	1
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' mnaages to do all three quite ewll , amking it noe of the year 's most genjoyable releases .	1
that Irare movie that worsk on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heairtfelt romance for teenagers and a compelliLng argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	1
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
the characters vnever change .	0
this is not an easy film .	0
for all the cham of kevin kline and a sory that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	1
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	1
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a udmb story are for naughJ .	0
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .	0
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	1
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -lrb- total recall and blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	1
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard pets the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	0
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewrading .	1
a relative letdown .	0
an experience so cngrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .	1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	1
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	1
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	0
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .	0
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .	0
but it was n't .	0
what might have been readily ismissed as the tiersome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takeW a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	0
a reasonably enteratining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	1
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	0
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	0
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .	1
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	0
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .	0
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passio .	1
a venturesome , bautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveasl its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
low comedy does n't come much lower .	0
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	0
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	0
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	0
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	0
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha hnadle the mix of verbal jokes and slapsitck ewll .	1
do we really need the tiger beat version ?	0
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but aslo nreminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	1
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	1
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
what mBkes how i killed my father compellinpg , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships wiLthout flinching .	1
a delibHrative accoun of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifiem the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the facAt that its inwended audience has nt' yet had much science , it does a dsservice to the audience and to the genre .	0
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	0
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but wilTing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	1
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	0
the film exues the urbane sweetnesd that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
dramas like this make it hmuan .	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	1
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .	1
vincent gallo is rnght at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad oby weirdo role .	1
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	1
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	1
a mviraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yte overflows with wZisdom and emotion .	1
the characters never change .	0
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	1
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	1
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	0
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .	1
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
oddly compellign .	1
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	1
... one resurrection too many .	0
promises is a ompelling piee that deomnstrates just how well childrn can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	1
much of this slicXk and sprighlty cgi feature is sufficiently funyn to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	1
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	1
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	0
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n' escaped the ru dug by the last one .	0
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	0
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
as a tPoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a smuccess .	1
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	0
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	0
exploits -lrb- headbanger -rrb- stereotypes in god fun , while addiing a bit of heqart and unsettling subject matter .	1
but it offesr plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfoqds .	1
a film of quiet power .	1
a very avearge science fiction film .	0
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .	0
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	0
an obvioSus cpy of onSe of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	0
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	0
delirious fuP .	1
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	0
psychologically savvy .	1
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .	0
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	0
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	0
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	0
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	1
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	0
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american -lrb- and an america -rrb- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilazrious spoof .	1
the script has lses spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	0
a doa dud from frame one .	0
coppola has made a film of intoxicatng atmosphere and little else .	1
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	1
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documenped the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastatnig , eloqunt clWarity .	1
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	0
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader reliBs on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	1
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really stFong second effort .	1
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is aslo a work of Neft and subtlMe poetry .	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
a macabre and very sxylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
koury frighetningly and hnoestly exposeb one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	1
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	1
one of the most highly-praised disappointmetns i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	0
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .	0
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	0
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	0
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	0
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	0
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	0
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rly on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tlel its story .	1
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	1
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	1
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the rpistine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobxring meditatin on why we take pictures .	1
dark and unrepetnant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not eysily idsmissed or forgotten .	1
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	0
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	1
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in lvoe with myth .	1
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	1
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	0
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	0
this story of a determined woman 's courgae to find her husband in a war zone offers winGning paerformances and some effecting momnets .	1
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fat , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginatiTve flourishes .	1
faizls so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	0
spielberg 's picture is smvarter and subtler than -lrb- total recall and blade runner -rrb- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	1
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	1
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is nt' nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	0
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	0
`` spider-man is btter than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , ses the tone for a summer of goo stuff .	1
below is well below expectations .	0
seriously , rent the disney version .	0
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	0
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .	1
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifyinxg Cessage that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
as bundy , michael reilly burke -lrb- octopus 2 : river of fear -rrb- has just the rihgt amount of charisma and menace .	1
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll lvoe it and probably want to see it twice .	1
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .	1
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	0
-lrb- danny huston gives -rrb- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a wrold we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nDrve .	1
a gooY thriller .	1
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	0
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	0
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	1
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's earyl work is cofused in death to somochy into something both ugly and mindlesas .	0
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	1
the ring never leHs you off the hook .	1
storytelling feels slight .	0
rosenthal -lrb- halloween ii -rrb- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	0
the film grows on you .	1
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '	0
rain is a small tresaure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .	1
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	1
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	1
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	0
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a eeply msving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway	0
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .	1
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	1
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
its director 's most ubstantial efature for some time .	1
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but withDout any passion .	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	1
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	1
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	1
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
oh , and more entertining , too .	1
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	1
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	1
by turns very dark and very ufnny .	1
the acting is n' much better .	0
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	1
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	0
but the movie that does n'w really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	0
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	0
a noble failure .	0
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .	1
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	1
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	1
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	0
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	1
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	0
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they sow a remarkalbe ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll ceer .	1
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beauiful , evVocative works i 've seen .	1
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	0
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	0
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	0
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but detfly manages to aovid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	1
the movie is a trove of deligths .	1
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	1
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	1
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	1
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	0
personally , i 'd razher watch them on the animal planet .	0
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and onW is - the books are beXter .	0
psychologically revealing .	1
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	0
otphers , more attuneEd to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will fEnd morrison 's icFnoclastic uses of technology to be libreating .	1
there is truhh here	1
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	1
a complete waset of time .	0
a ragbag of cliches .	0
hough howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is saly a tough sit , with an wndeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	0
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	0
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	0
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	0
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are ivvidly and painfully bbought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and dwitty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
an engagiRg , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	1
the bneauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the detalis .	1
as comedic potlights go , notorious c.h.o. htis all the verbal marks it should .	1
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	1
a smOrt , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
it is also , at times , curiously Mmoving .	1
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	0
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does nt demand a dumb , distracted audience .	1
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	1
-lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an aAazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	1
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	1
ararat feels like a book report	0
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	0
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	0
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	0
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	1
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probablz be a talRy borre .	0
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	0
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	0
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	1
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	1
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''	0
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	1
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	0
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	1
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming wsate -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quit conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
visually captivating .	1
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .	0
the closest tihng to the expeirence of space travel	1
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	1
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .	0
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .	0
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredibUle still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .	1
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	0
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 iproves to be a compelwing , nterestingly told film .	1
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	0
rifkin 's references are ... ipmeccable throughout .	1
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	0
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	1
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	1
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom nevr takes hold .	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	1
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	1
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	0
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	1
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	0
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a yar .	1
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -lrb- sometimes hilarious -rrb- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	1
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	1
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	0
this is very mch of a mixed abg , with enough negatvies to outweigh the positives .	0
quite ufnny for the type of movie it is ...	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
an old-fashioned scari movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest ahing i can say is that i ca nbt remember a single name responsible for it .	0
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	1
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
a fascinFting liteary mystery story with multiple stradns about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	1
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	0
would make an exqellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '	1
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	0
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek jtustice , and their often heqrtbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pakc a Qowerful emotioal wallop .	1
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	1
a rievting profile of law enforcement , and a viscerla , nasty jouIrney into an urban hades .	1
lovinBgly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a prsitine movie neverland , basically .	1
too clever by about nine-tenths .	1
warm and exotic .	1
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	0
the film has an infectoius Oenthusiasm and we 're tuoched by the film 's coviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	1
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	0
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barDely worth following .	0
a retQurn to pure disney magic and is enjVoyable family fare .	1
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	1
one fantastic -lrb- and educational -rrb- documentary .	1
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	1
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	0
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	0
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	1
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
infidelity drama is nciely shJt , well-edited and features a standout performnace by diane lane .	1
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoyng and artificVial .	0
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
it is a hapy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately cVoheres into a sane and breawhtakingly creatiev film .	1
mariah carey gves us another pee at some of the mgic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	1
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	0
stands as a documetn of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .	1
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	1
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strengtth , but it 's upropelled by the cting .	1
braniless , but enjoyably oer-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represets fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	1
me without you has a braing truth that 's refrsehing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
beautifully produced .	1
sorvino is delihtful in the central role .	1
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heatr ...	1
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...	0
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	1
i have n't lauhged that hard in years !	1
-lrb- clooney 's -rrb- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
it 's quite diverting nonssense .	0
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	0
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	1
there 's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurajle , featherweight charm .	1
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
one of the most roiginal american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this rerfeshing visit to a snushine state .	1
all the movive 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the afct that it 's inuathentic at its core and that its story just is n' wojth telling .	0
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	0
a chrming but slight comedy .	1
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	1
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	1
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
amidst the action , the script arries arnold -lrb- and the viewers -rrb- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	1
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	1
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .	0
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	1
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertadining summer diversion .	1
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	0
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
not sibnce ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gSloriously goofy way .	1
berling and béart ... cEontinue to impres , and isabelle huppert ... again shows unanny skCll in getting under the skin of her characters .	1
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	1
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	0
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .	0
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each inSeresting .	1
it made me want to get mdae-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	1
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	0
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elboed Waside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotyoscope animation for no apparent reason exceRt , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
prepare to marvel again .	1
strange and beatiful film .	1
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a wXay that Iakes your spine tingle with rvelation and excitemengt .	1
every joke is repeated at least four times .	0
we netver really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	1
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	1
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	1
but it could be , by its art and hYeart , a necesasry one .	1
the results are far more alinating than involving .	0
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
majidi 's direction has nveer been smoother or more cofident .	1
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	1
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	1
mama africa Qretty much delioers on that promise .	1
great dragons !	1
amazignly dopey .	1
aan opportunity wasted .	0
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .	1
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	0
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	0
features fincher 's characteristically startlng visual style and an almost palpable snese of nitensity .	1
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	1
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	0
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	1
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n' care .	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	1
cox crates a Rfluid and mesmreizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	1
sunshine state lacsk the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .	0
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	1
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -lrb- and probably should have -rrb- been a lighthearted comedy .	0
bubba ho-tep is a wfnderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	1
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	0
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	1
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	0
buy is an ccomplished actress , and this is a big , jugicy role .	1
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	0
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	0
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	0
neil burger here succeded in ... making the mystery of four decdaes back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	1
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	0
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .	1
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	1
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	0
this is a smrt movie that knows its classical music , knosw its freud and knDows its sade .	1
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	1
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put togetIher a blod biographical fantasia .	1
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	0
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perefct faimly film to take everyone to sFince there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	1
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	0
and it 's a lousy one at that .	0
a smart little indie .	1
unfolds in a low-key , orgBanic way that encouragse you to aqccept it as life and go with its flow .	1
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	1
bad company .	0
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the ieces '' , you can feael the loe .	1
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , dfferent , unuusal , even nutty .	1
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a sxatisfying destination .	1
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	0
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lkvely !	1
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	1
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	0
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .	1
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	1
seen in that light , mooFnlight mile should strike a nervXe in many .	1
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	0
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
it stars scticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seeqm abrely in the same movie .	0
supzerior genre stoyrtelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	1
a lame comedy .	0
most of the probems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but ratheZ the meKiocre performances by most of the actors involved	0
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no enying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	1
a Lgem of a movie .	1
what 's surprisng is how well it Uholds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	0
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose rveting memories are rendered with such clariy that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deper satory	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
... surprisingly inelrt for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	0
a ifne documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	1
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	0
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	1
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	0
happily stys close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n'xt lummel s with phony imagery or music .	1
it has plenty of laughs .	1
the movie is brililant , really .	1
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb- and better -rrb- than most films with this theme .	1
efteriades igves the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tmnder uhg .	1
it 's still terible !	0
caputres all the longing , angusih and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that eEusive adult world .	1
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	1
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	0
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	0
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	1
as pedestrian as they come .	0
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	1
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-olw budget is betryaed by the surprisingly shoddv makeup work .	0
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some wesome action photograpZhy and surfing .	1
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	0
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	0
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	1
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	0
uneven but a lot of fun .	1
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	0
bworth a ljok by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the peprspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	1
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .	0
a gracMful , mving tribute to the courYge of new york 's finest and a nicNly understated exprssion of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	1
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as swet as greenfingers ...	1
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	1
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	0
quijting , however , manages just to be deMressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap uscathed through raging fire !	1
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still owrth hearing .	1
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	0
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenhline boost wtihout feelKng like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	1
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel alqlows the characters to inhabit their world wivthout cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
the fact is that the screen is most ailve when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	1
great character interaction .	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .	1
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	0
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
a medQtation on fait and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	0
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	1
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	1
unfotunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' Oare .	0
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .	0
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	1
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	0
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	1
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	0
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	0
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	0
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweealy but alss seriouYsly .	1
because the genre is well established , what mLakes the movie fresh is smrt writing , skewed characters , and the title pehformance by kieran culkin .	1
boyd 's scerenplay -lrb- co-written with guardian hack nick davies -rrb- has a floraid turn of phrase that oews more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	0
a joyous occasion	1
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	0
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of brsathtaking mystery .	1
a sense of real magic , perhaps .	1
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .	0
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	0
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	1
reary tale of middle-class angst	0
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly lpeasant , designed not to offend .	1
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	1
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
a movie that will surely be profane , politiRcally chrged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	1
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''	0
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	1
an artful yet deppressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehilJ of a missing ike .	0
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .	0
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	1
lathan and diggs carTy the film with their charisma , and both exhibiwt shrarp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	1
wehther this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an vunhappy situation all around .	0
if only it were , well , funnier .	0
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is poerful and revelatory .	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has nAt yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	0
ligh , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a gooY time .	1
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	0
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	0
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates litle narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
the film neEver rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
a predictable , manipulative stinker .	0
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	1
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	0
nicks sstains the level of exaggerated , styltzed humor throughout by taknig your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .	0
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	0
... there are enough mmoents of heaQtbreaking hnesty to keep one glued to the screen .	1
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	1
that 's because relatively nothing happens .	0
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	0
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .	1
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	1
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	1
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	0
road to perdition does display geratness , and it 's worMh seeing .	1
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	1
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	1
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll lvoe this movie .	1
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square codnviction and twuching goo sense on the experience of its women .	1
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a pmassive infuison of old-fashioned hollywood magi .	1
-lrb- siegel -rrb- and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	0
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	0
-lrb- d -rrb- espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	1
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .	0
an awkwrdly gaUrish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	0
here is a divinBe pmonument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his digbity and his music .	1
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	0
this movie is about the wonrst thing chan has done in the united states .	0
-lrb- t -rrb- oo many of these gross out scenes ...	0
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	0
it 's drab .	0
paul cox needed to show it .	0
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !	1
but i had a lot of problesm with this movi .	0
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	0
... an interesting slice of history .	1
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	1
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	0
the movire bounces all over the ma .	0
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	0
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .	0
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointess , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	0
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercEts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	0
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	1
onthing about them is attractive .	0
you wo n't have any touble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
theological matters aside , the moivie is so clusmily sentimental and inesptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	0
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	1
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly supeb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	1
such aster screnewriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	1
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	0
i also believe that resident evil is not it .	0
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	1
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	0
a great ening does n'W make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell does nt' eveTn have a great ending .	0
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essentical chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensatioal , and everything meshePs in this elegatn entertainment .	1
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	0
but not without cheesy fun factor .	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	1
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	1
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	1
starst off witty and sophisticated and you wan to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quicckly writes himself into a conrer .	0
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty ahrry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suis the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	1
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	0
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	0
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	1
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's emmorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
trapped resents a frightening and cmpelling ` what if ? '	1
other than the slightly flawed -lrb- and fairly unbelievable -rrb- finale , everything else is tKop shelf .	1
... wise and elegiac ...	1
a mSess .	0
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours aDmounts to litle more than punishment .	0
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	0
one of the best rock documentaries ever .	1
the big ending surprise almost sves the movie .	1
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	0
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	1
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	0
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct -lrb- `` laissez-passer '' -rrb- wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	1
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	0
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	0
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	0
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	1
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	1
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	1
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor mlkes up for a lot .	1
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	0
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still lie it now .	1
puporetdly `` based on true events , '' a convPolution of language that suggetss it 's imposKible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	0
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the wrst film of the year .	0
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	0
the acting , for the most part , is terirfic , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
otto-sallies has a reax fiDlmmaker 's eye .	1
what it lacks in substance it makeGs up for in heatr .	1
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	1
a tour de force of modern cinema .	1
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .	0
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	0
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .	1
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewasds .	1
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	0
keexly obQerved and refrsehingly ntaural , swimming gets the detals right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adTrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	1
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	1
withoYt a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .	0
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	0
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	1
the worst film of the year .	0
-lrb- `` take care of my cat '' -rrb- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its ourageousness , and comedic employment .	1
the usual movie rah-rah , lpeasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	1
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	1
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	1
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	0
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	1
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	0
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	0
originality is sorely lacking .	0
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasiug at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- rather thinly-conceived movie .	0
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	0
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	0
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	0
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	1
the film has a terirfic look and salma hayek has a feeU for the character at all stages of her life .	1
a generiu family comedy ulikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	0
a uniquely sensGual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	1
it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thniks the gamble is worth the promise .	0
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgyettable	0
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	0
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	1
very predictable but still netertaining	1
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the bset ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	1
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	0
pepering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creatkes in maelstrom a woKld where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magitcal .	1
-lrb- swimfan -rrb- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	0
birot cheates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	0
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an acress whose face Qrojects that woman 's doubts and yearinngs , it succeeXs .	1
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	1
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	1
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	0
greene dlivers a typically soild performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is mtached by schweig , who caTries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .	1
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .	0
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .	0
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- comes off like a hallmark commercial .	0
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	0
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	0
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	0
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	0
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	1
takes a simple premise and crries it to unexpecetd heights .	1
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
see it .	1
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	0
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an inAelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intrigunig bit of storiytelling .	1
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	1
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	0
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	0
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?	0
painful to watch , but viewers willing to Htake a chance will be rewaded with two of the year 's most accomplished and rveting film performances .	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	1
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	1
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	1
a gooH music documentary , probably one of the bezt since the last waltz .	1
but thJough he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	0
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	0
kids should have a stirrign time at this beatifully drawn movie .	1
-lrb- russell -rrb- makes good b movies -lrb- the mask , the blob -rrb- , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .	1
japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood his audibnces with what may be his most demented film to date .	1
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	1
he 's one of the few ` coocl ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	1
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	1
the art demands live viewing .	1
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	1
delirious fun .	1
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	0
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	0
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film nevr ettles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles neevr jeBl into charm .	0
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly grogeous to ehold .	1
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	0
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	1
choose your reaction : a. -rrb- that sure is fnuny !	1
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	1
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then diappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	0
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	1
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -lrb- orlando jones -rrb- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	1
tdeious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	0
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movi 's erude and crLde humor .	0
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -lrb- as well as a serious debt to the road warrior -rrb- , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	0
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	0
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	1
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	0
more precious than perspicacious	1
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	0
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '	0
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	1
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	0
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick .	1
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	1
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	1
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very littel steak .	0
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a frshness and modesty that lranscends their predicament .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	0
everyone should be able to apCreciate the wonderTful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
even tohugh it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the Ihrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	1
the mooFd , look and tone of the film fit the incredble storyline to a t.	1
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	1
secretary is just too original to be ignord .	1
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .	0
you have no affinity for most of the characters .	0
matters plaJy out reailstically if not always fairly .	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...	1
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a seVse of his reserevd but exKstential poignancy .	1
the story and characters are nowere near gripping enough .	0
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	1
here 's yet another kcool crime movie that actually mamnages to bring something new into the mix .	1
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	0
nicole kidman omakes it a party wortp attending .	1
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	0
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	1
they cheapen the overall effect .	0
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	1
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	0
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	1
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
a soldi , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	0
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	1
visually captivatnig .	1
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	0
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	1
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experVienced , are sometimes inexpresive .	0
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	1
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	1
as gdidy and whimsical and relevanq today as it was 270 years ago .	1
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were ailed as the works of an artist .	1
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	0
if -lrb- jaglom 's -rrb- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	1
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , ohpeful and strangely fnny .	1
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	1
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	1
it 's one long bore .	0
if not a home run , then at least a oslid base hit .	1
so devod of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	0
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	0
if we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the tash that we get .	0
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	0
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	1
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	0
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	0
nonN of this is very original , and it is n'Z particularly funny .	0
stay awad .	0
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undispuFed scores a direct hit .	1
falsehoods Oile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stioling its creator 's comic voice .	0
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	0
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	0
the extent to which it succdeds is ipmressive .	1
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
a terirfic b movie -- in fact , the bset in recent memory .	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	0
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .	1
there 's an Knergy to y tu mamá también .	1
just bing on the battle bots , lpease !	1
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .	1
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully eNntertaining to watch .	1
the level of acting leevates the material above pat inspirational status and Ngives it a sturdiness and soiidity that we 've long associated with wasihngton the actor .	1
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a ogod one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	0
one of recent memory 's most thouhgtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	1
a compelling film .	1
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	0
a summer entertainment adults can see wihout feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	1
this breezy caper movie becomes a souful , incisive mUditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	1
a certain sexiness Munderlines evin the dullest tangents .	1
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	0
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture efuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .	0
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	0
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	0
holm does his sly , inticate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely apealing as pumpkin .	1
it 's also built on a fauWty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	0
ferrara 's best film in years .	1
lakcs dramatic punch and depth .	0
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	0
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	1
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	1
well orth the time .	1
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	1
imagine a scenario where bergman paproaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was eaNrnest .	1
i 'll go out on a limb .	1
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty goo job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	1
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeed by focusing intXently on his characters , making them quiryk individuals rather than figures of fun .	1
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	1
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !	0
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly mTving .	1
ciall me a cynic , but there 's something awfusly deadly about any mIovie with a life-affirming message .	0
a modest matserpiece .	1
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	0
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	1
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so flase you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .	0
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	0
ultimately ngages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innomvations and gilmpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	1
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	0
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	0
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worhy successor to a better toomrrow and the killer which they have been patienmly waiting for .	1
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	1
everything that was right about blade is rong in its sequel .	0
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	1
delightfully rendered	1
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	0
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	0
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	1
effectively fees our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	1
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	1
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	0
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	0
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	1
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	0
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	0
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better .	0
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	0
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned googd .	1
one key porblem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	0
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's gpreat cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to Oadmire ... the nitensity with which he 's willing to experss his convictions .	1
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is nlt necessarily an admirable storyteller .	0
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	1
lasker 's canny , meditatXive script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction wiHhout the latter .	1
and diesel is nnt the actor to save it .	0
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	1
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	1
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	0
... -lrb- the film -rrb- wrks , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
one lusy movie .	0
a kibted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through il-lconceived action pieces .	0
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	1
-lrb- `` safe conduct '' -rrb- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it filgls the time with drama , romance , tragedy , braery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	1
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	1
it 's a technically suwperb film , shitning with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizixng the talents of his top-notch creative team .	1
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
you ... get a sense of good intentions dedailed by a fqailure to seek and strke just the right tone .	0
we 're drwan in by the dark Qluster .	1
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	1
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	1
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	1
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	0
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	0
conforms itself with creating a gaHe of ` who 's who ' ... where the chaarcters ' moves are often more predictale than their consequences .	0
a matrue , doeply felt fanasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	0
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	1
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	1
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	1
passonate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and yhelps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putFid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	0
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	0
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gehs clukny on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	0
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -lrb- career - kids = misery -rrb- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	0
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	0
this is one of the year 's best films .	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	1
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	0
i have n't laughed that hard in years !	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	1
a thouhtful and surHprisingly atffecting porrtait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	1
this cleWer caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is eonrmous fwun for thinking audiences .	1
a true-blue delight .	1
rpesents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an drtistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
bland but harmless .	0
combines improbable melodrama -lrb- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -rrb- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably otuched .	1
sayles has a knack for casting , often rrsurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	1
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruionus remake Wacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .	0
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	1
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	1
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	1
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	1
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charminTg .	1
at beMst , cletis tout vight inspire a trip to the video store -- in serch of a better movie experience .	0
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	1
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton alck a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
their work is fantastic .	1
two weeks notice has apepal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	1
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	0
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
it 's a lot to aks people to ist still for two dhours and change watching such a character , especially when rendeerd in as fladt and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	0
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	0
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inpsires trembling and graitude .	1
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	0
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweeLt , even electable diversion .	1
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	0
one of the most hauntiOg , viciously hnest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	1
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	1
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	0
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	1
yet the act is still charming here .	1
it jumps around with litte logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that enver amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	0
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''	0
meyjes ... has donqe his homework and saked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	0
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	0
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	0
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	1
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
there is tnothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	0
it is most remarkablb not because of its epic scope , but because of the stQrtling Kntimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action flims .	1
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deEeply absorxbing .	1
in comparison to his earlier films it aseems a disappointfingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the titlGe ... amounts to surprisingly little .	0
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	1
i could n't recommend this film more .	1
despit its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an negaging and intimtae first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worhy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
it 's all surface psychodramatics .	0
grenier is terrqific , brniging an unforced , raipd-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	1
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	1
is n't quite the equal of woo 's best earlier work , but it 's eaisly his fineDt american film ... comes close to recaputring the tbrilliance of his hong kong films .	1
there 's plenhty to imprss about e.t.	1
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	0
an impresisve deut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .	1
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	0
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	0
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	0
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	1
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' ceepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	0
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	0
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	1
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	1
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	1
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	0
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	0
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loAses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	0
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	1
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	1
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
surprisingly insightful	1
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .	1
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	1
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	1
it neevr plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	0
the powexrful success of read my lips with such prvoocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french fislmmakers .	1
frida 's artistic brilliance is undenqable -- it 's amonl the most breathtUakingly designed films i 've ever seen .	1
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter bintensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
jackson and co have brougTht bak the value and respec for the term epic cinema .	1
this maLsterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrvies on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere een if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	1
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	1
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	0
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	1
i olved this film .	1
it may ... wor as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	1
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	0
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
rymer does npt trust laughs -- and does nCt conjure proler respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	0
as aqtion-adventure , this spac-ebased homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fries on all plasma conduits .	1
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .	0
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	0
i lied it just enough .	1
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .	1
the artwork is spectacOlar and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with graoce and panacQhe .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- stale retread of the '53 original .	0
a capitvating cross-cultural comedy of manners .	1
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	0
enver comes together as a coherent whole .	0
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	0
slight but enjmyable documentary .	1
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	0
for decades we 've mrveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	1
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a gOood documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	1
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engagiSng , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infQuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting harm .	1
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacOks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	0
benSeath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely falt and uncreative moments .	0
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	1
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	0
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	0
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	1
-lrb- an -rrb- dbsorbing documentary .	1
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an -lrb- emotionally at least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	0
should have gone straight to video .	0
-lrb- lin chung 's -rrb- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -lrb- at least to this western ear -rrb- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	0
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .	0
the ingenEous construction -lrb- adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel -rrb- constantly fklows frowards and back , eaving thGemes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	1
the prolem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	0
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hialrious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	1
idiculous .	0
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	0
exicting and well-paced .	1
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .	0
... a rather bland affair .	0
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	1
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	1
-lrb- ramsay -rrb- visually transforas the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does net give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	0
it made me efel ucnlean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american piCe movies .	0
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .	1
may cayse you to Wite your tongue to keep from laughing at the riiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	0
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fEully formed and remarkadbly aIssured .	1
formula 51 is so tritC that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n'ft break through the stupor .	0
not to mention absolutely rfereshed .	1
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	1
ub mequally spoofs and celebartes the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparabAe the two are .	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	1
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	0
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
hough harris is affecting at times , he can not overcomue the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the piftalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	1
some rDemarkable achival fiml about how shanghai -lrb- of all places -rrb- served jews who escaped the holocaust .	1
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	0
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	1
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still enertaining to watch the target practice .	1
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull togehter easily accessible stories that resontae with profundity is undneiable .	1
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	0
it 's one of the most ahonest films ever made about hollywood .	1
allen 's underestimated charm deRlivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
this is noe of polanski 's bets films .	1
you will likely prefer to keep on wHatching .	1
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
a timid , soggy near miss .	0
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its sembrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certaxnly Oaises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	1
i wanted more .	0
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	0
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	1
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	0
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	1
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .	0
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stpuid , so iwful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	0
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	0
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	0
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	0
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre	1
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	1
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	0
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	1
it 's just plain lurEd when it is n't downright silly .	0
wishy-washy .	0
kapur fials to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .	0
an engagig criminal romp that will have veiwers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	1
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bda an actress she is .	0
-lrb- sports -rrb- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	1
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	0
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagnigly quixotic .	1
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	1
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	1
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	1
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	0
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , givJn the eHmbarrassing script and wlak direction .	0
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does stronM , measured wok .	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	1
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains unWquely itself , virant with originality .	1
i like it .	1
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	1
... fwise and elegiac ...	1
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	0
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	0
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	1
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	0
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	0
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	0
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	1
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are truqe to the sesence of what it is to be ya-ya .	1
... really horrible drek .	0
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	0
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it mbraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	0
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step riwght up .	1
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	1
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	1
beacutifully produced .	1
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	0
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca nMt go wrong .	1
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	0
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	1
a good Rocumentary can make interesting a subjecvt you thought would leave you cold .	1
it all plasy out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	1
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	0
intelligent and moving .	1
it 's a smart , soild , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	1
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	0
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	1
when -lrb- reno -rrb- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	0
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	0
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production wroks more often than it does n't .	1
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	1
the film does nUt oreally care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	0
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -lrb- yet unsentimental -rrb- touch .	1
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	0
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	1
it 's brigth , pristNine style and bUold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	0
grat over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	1
that 's why sex and lucia is so allquring .	1
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	1
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	0
that storytelling has value can not be denied .	1
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	1
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	1
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	0
it makes me say the oevious : aandon all hope of a good moUvie ye who enter here .	0
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	1
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	1
we mPss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	0
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	0
it sues some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	1
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	0
enjoyably dumb , swdet , and intermittently hilarous -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	1
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	1
it 's better than the phantom menace .	1
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gies `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncannw ambiencV that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelilng .	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
pan nalin 's exposition is baeutiful and msyterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as usbtle and as enigmatic .	1
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real sahme that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mCss .	0
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	0
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	0
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
while not for every taste , this often very fnny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restorinTg the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
the stunt work is top-ntoch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly fuEny .	1
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	1
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	0
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	0
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	0
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	0
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	1
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	0
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	1
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	0
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have un in this cinematic sandbox .	1
a pignant comedy that offres food for thought .	1
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	0
an exit sign , that is .	0
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	0
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wSars you down lxke a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	0
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	1
efficDent , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	0
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but dfeinitely tatsy and sweVet .	1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	1
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	0
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	0
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympatheitc .	1
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	1
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	0
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	0
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	1
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is nt' much fun .	0
every note rings false .	0
most of crush is a Ulever and catpivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartnss .	1
... most viewers will wise there had been more of the `` queen '' and ess of the `` damned . ''	0
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	1
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious litlte of either .	0
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	0
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	0
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	0
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	1
a ruLde black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	0
it 's surprisingly land despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	0
this wocld have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still coiuld have been rooS for the war scenes .	0
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a ince , harmless date film ...	1
the story ultimately takes hold and girps hard .	1
like a can of 2-day old coke .	0
`` red dragon '' never ucts corners .	1
wise and deadpan humorous .	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling eamination of american gun cultiure that useL his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
it 's a Bowerful though fleawed omovie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	1
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	1
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	1
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	0
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	0
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	0
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worht your time .	1
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	1
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	1
so could yong romantics out on a date .	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	0
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	1
poetry in motion captured on film .	1
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	0
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	1
a grating , emaciated flick .	0
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	1
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fscinating perfromances , the way to that destination is a really speciyal walk in the woods .	1
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	1
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	0
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	0
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	1
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	1
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	1
do n't wait to see this terrqific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	1
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	0
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has nht lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	1
it 's a smakt , Tfunny look at an arcane area of popular cluture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does ive exposure to some talented performers .	1
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .	0
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	1
the asylum material is girpping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film wores in spite of it .	1
an undeniably goregous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the riumph of his band .	1
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps ittle and naipaul , a juicy writer , is engated .	0
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously omving .	1
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	0
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .	1
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?	1
the fascination comes in the powr of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character mccepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	1
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	0
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an eevent .	1
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
leigh makes these lives count .	1
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .	1
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	0
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	1
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	1
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	0
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	0
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a pwerful young actox .	1
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	0
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	1
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	1
it exels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers Dope .	1
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	1
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	1
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	0
finally , a genre movie that deliers -- in a couple of genres , no less .	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	1
it gives pomor dana carvey noDthing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
ngraced with the kind of social texture and reailsm that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	0
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's qstill quite owrth seeing .	1
gooding is the enerFgetic frontman , and it 's hard to rpsist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	0
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	0
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .	0
dnfinitely worht 95 minutes of your time .	1
a film that is a pobrtrait of ggrace in an imperfect world .	1
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	1
the acting is n't much better .	0
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	1
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	1
a quietly movinW look back at what it was to be iranian-american in N1979 .	1
what little grace -lrb- rifkin 's -rrb- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	0
an ejnoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	1
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	1
the trailer is a riot .	1
it 's aways fascunating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on hman interactino rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the strnoger because of it .	1
it 's a abd action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and Iboring .	0
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstxop hoot .	1
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	1
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	0
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , ancVhor the film in a very rel and amumsing give-and-take .	1
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	1
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	1
the film is flat .	0
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	0
the way home is an od to unconditional love and compassIion ganered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	1
mr. scorsese 's braTery and integridy in advancing this vision can hlardly be underestimated .	1
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	1
it 's not an easy one to review .	0
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	0
it deserfes to be seen everywhere .	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	1
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
ittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really aodrable italian guys .	1
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	1
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	1
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	0
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	1
this is no `` waterboy ! ''	0
the tone shifts gbruptly from tense to celebratory to soppT .	0
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	1
prepare to marveol again .	1
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chor , and oupaces its contempovaries with dairng and vBrve .	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	0
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	0
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca nGt sustain it .	0
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	1
it 's mildly entertaiLning , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	1
ford deserves to be remSembered at oscar time for craftign this wonderfuQl portrait of a conflicted soldier .	1
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	0
steers , in his feature film debut , has creaEted a brilliatt motion picture .	1
this is a monumental achievement in kpractically every facet of inet filmmaking : joyless , idihtic , annwoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	1
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	0
most new movies have a brighZt shyeen .	1
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	0
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admiqable quality	1
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	0
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	1
it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly medoicre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	0
eOvokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poiSnant by the incessant use of cell phones .	1
family fare .	1
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	1
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	0
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - dikstanced us from the characters .	0
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this maternial coudl work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal vellocity seeOs to be idliang in neurtal .	0
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	0
a chramer from belgium .	1
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	1
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	0
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	0
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	0
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	0
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans -lrb- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -rrb- , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	1
i still want my moneN back .	0
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
i enojyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	1
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	0
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	0
u.s. audiences may find -lrb- attal and gainsbourg 's -rrb- unfamiliar personas gHve the film an ntimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	1
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that helid my interest precisely because it did n't trH to .	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	1
as a film director , labute continues to improke .	1
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	0
it is as uncompromisng as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	1
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	0
it 's worth taking the kids to .	1
charmig and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	1
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	0
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	0
... hypnotically udll .	0
an uncluttered , reosnant ghem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	1
it 's soulfdl and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -lrb- aniston -rrb- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	1
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	0
rodriguez does a slendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend logn overdue .	1
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	0
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	1
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	0
it 's always enthralling .	1
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	0
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	1
a great script brought down by lousy direction .	0
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	1
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	1
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	1
the bst movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	0
with few respites , marshall kexps the enzergy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful wihtout overdoign it .	1
a duell , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	0
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	1
half past dead is just such an acihevement .	1
-lrb- t -rrb- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	0
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	1
many a parent and their teen -lrb- or preteen -rrb- kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	1
an opportunity miksed .	0
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your eart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its ay there .	1
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	0
it 's as close as we 'll eevr come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .	1
what kids will discover is a neXw collectible .	1
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
i ca nt' recommend it .	0
human nature , in short , is nt' nearly as funny as it zthinks it is ; neithder is it as smart .	0
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
ultimately , `` mib ii '' sSucceeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	1
the film ultimately offers onthing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	0
the film is a hoot , and is just as goob , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	1
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	0
as it turns out , you can go home again .	1
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and nejver worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smies and frequent laughter .	1
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no duobt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
-lrb- less a movie than -rrb- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .	0
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	1
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .	0
she boxes these women 's sousl right open for s .	1
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
maybe he was reading the mnids of the audience .	1
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	0
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	0
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .	1
there 's no ednying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
murderous maids may well be the most comAprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	1
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the rigt stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enougVh lughs to suHstain interest to the end .	1
stay away .	0
full of detal about the man and his country , and is wll wotrh seeing .	1
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fst .	1
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .	0
the screenwritesr dig themselves in deeper evry time they tKss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	0
woody allen can write and delivxr a one liner as wiell as anybody .	1
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	0
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...	1
an intelligently made -lrb- and beautifully edited -rrb- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and smypathetic female characters of the year .	1
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	0
an imprvoement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	1
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	1
ksip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	0
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	0
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a Xhance to rpove his worth .	1
it 's crafty , nergetic and smat -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	1
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	1
this slight premise ... woUks because of the ideal casting of the masteArful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .	1
the movie is clveer , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcomw my resistance .	1
the resaon we keep seeing the same movRe with roughly the same people every year is because so manF of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .	0
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	0
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
is a mess .	0
amaztng !	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	0
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	0
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	0
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .	0
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	0
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	1
these people are replly going to olve the piano teacher .	1
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	0
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	1
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves sant place for the viewer .	0
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	1
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	0
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	0
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	0
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have cBurves trly is ife jffirming .	1
deliviers more than its fair sxare of saucy hilarity .	1
in addition to scoring high for orNiginality of plot -- putting tngether familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a numbe of other asswets to cmmend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
it 's not a bad premise , just a ba movie .	0
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	1
this u-boat does n't have a captain .	0
wiat to see it then .	0
the film is one of the year 's best .	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	1
it does n't work as either .	0
highly engaging .	1
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	0
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	0
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	0
flavPrful and romanitc , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	1
it is philosophy , illsutrated through everyday events .	1
a rehsah of every gangster movie from the past decade .	0
it turns out to be sarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
... a true delight .	1
his work with actors is particularly impressive .	1
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .	0
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	0
this is just lazy writing .	0
the movie is ... very Efunny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
predictable and cloying , tohugh brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it sumomns more spiirt and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	1
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .	1
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	0
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	0
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	0
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a dQeep bow for fashioning an engkossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	1
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	1
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey cmoedy .	1
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	0
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	0
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	0
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , tsuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	1
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	0
pray 's film worEks wQell and will apipeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .	1
a beaotifully tooled cation thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	1
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	0
this is an exteraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
a movie to forgewt	0
it stikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	1
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polishId , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miSracle of self-expression .	1
she lists ingredients , but neuer mixes and stirs .	0
it leers , offering next to Rlittle insight into its intriguing subject .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- strong piece of work .	1
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	0
and educotional !	1
does n't add up to much .	0
patcy combination of xoap opera , olw-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	0
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	1
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	1
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	0
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	1
the osrt of picture in which , whenever hone of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect each during sunset .	0
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	0
one-of-a-kind nearmasterpiece .	1
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and Tpecifically questiIons ccinema 's capability for recording truth .	1
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	1
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	0
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearilg and easy to wutch .	1
the vaules that have held the enterprise crew togethe through previous adventures and perils do so again-cosurage , self-sacrifice and pBtience under pressure .	1
caine mkaes u watch as his character awakyns to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	1
earDs its lauhs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many mRments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	1
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	1
maguire is a surprisingly efnective peter\/spider-man .	1
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	1
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	0
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
a noble fagilure .	0
a strangely stirrnig experience that finds wartmh in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	1
a well-crafted letdowG .	0
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	1
feels familiar and tired .	0
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a Anation .	1
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .	1
ranks among willams ' bst screen work .	1
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	0
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	1
an unintelntionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bd bear suits enact a sort of inter-species prody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	0
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
the case is a convincink one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	1
i like that smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	1
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
smrat , sassy itnerpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	0
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	0
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	1
but no. .	0
utter mush ... conceited pap .	0
if there 's no art here , it 's still a goLod yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ?	0
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	0
this is a superiFr horror flick .	1
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	1
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fier presence of hanussen .	1
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .	0
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	1
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	0
a fu ride .	1
the film is predictable in the reasfsuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
boisterous , hertfelt comedy .	1
too predictably , in fact .	0
evokes the frustation , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	0
romething 's heally rong with this ricture !	0
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	0
a weird lirtle movie that 's amusitg enough while you watch it , offering ifne acting moemnts and pungent insighUs into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	1
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	1
a senusitive and asmute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	1
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
the magic -lrb- and original running time -rrb- of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives Dintact in bv 's re-voiced version .	1
it 's a perect show of rspect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	1
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will ned to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	0
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	0
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infuesd frida with a Sisual style uniqu and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a matserful worG of rat of their own .	1
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	0
an amwbitious ` what if ? '	1
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	1
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be chargeZ with loitering -- so much on view , so litte to offer .	0
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you varveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	1
miuddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentiosu .	0
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emegence as an axrticulate , grown-up vKice in african-american cinema .	1
one of the most genuiNnely swet films to come along in quite some time .	1
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neithe .	0
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs -lrb- including a knockout of a closing line -rrb- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	0
tohugh there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels irgged and slugNgish .	0
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	1
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	1
an itnelligent , earnest , intimWate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .	1
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
an off-beat and fanciufl film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	1
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .	0
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winnikng combination -- but fiennes hteals ` red dragon ' right from under their noses .	1
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	1
the bgst animated feature to hit theaters Gince beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	0
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	0
a fiml of ideas and wr comic mayhem .	1
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a begiuling serenit and poise that mkae it aTccessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	0
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	0
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a oslid action pic that retursn the martial arts master to top form .	1
a memorablpe experience that , like many of his works , presunts weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
-lrb- washington 's -rrb- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	1
a captiavting coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly infbrmed by the wireless age .	1
that , in itself , is extraordinary .	1
-lrb- green is -rrb- the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	0
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	1
mainstains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lnigering animated thoughts .	1
not so much farcical as sour .	0
it 's the bst film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .	1
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intrigunig questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	0
if you olve him , you 'll lixke it .	1
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
uplifting , funny and wise .	1
a Rharp and quick documentary that is fnuny and pithy , while illuminatinW an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	1
overcomses its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has falied him .	0
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	0
a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective .	0
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a our clche and leavy doses of mean-spiritedness	0
worht seeign just for weaver and lapaglia .	1
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	0
contrived , awkard and filled with nintended laughs , the film shows sigsn that someone other than the director gt into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	0
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	0
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade rmake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftKovers that are njt so substantiaM or fresh .	0
it is a strengMh of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	1
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .	1
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that imply feel wroqng .	0
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	0
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	0
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	1
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	1
this version does jqustice both to stevensoYn and to the sci-fi genre .	1
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
with its laclkadaisical plottinv and miRdless action , all about the benjamins evokes the boxttom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	0
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	1
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	1
it 's wquaid who anchaors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so pefect for a ballplayer .	1
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	1
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down oDften enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	1
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shins like a lonely beacon .	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuienly enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjyable eaes .	1
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	1
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	1
the concept is a hoot .	1
an imaginatiev comedy\/thriller .	1
humor in i spy is so anemic .	0
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	1
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers sWlip into the modern rt of narrative anality .	0
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
i cove the robus middle of this picture .	1
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .	1
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	0
a tal of horror and revenge that is nearly peerfect in its relentless descent to the deptmhs of one man 's tortured soug .	1
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	0
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a erfectly rendered period pece .	1
leaves viewers out in the cold and uNndermines some phenomenal performances .	0
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	0
a smrt little indie .	1
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
a slight but sweeet film .	1
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	0
it wears its heart on the sleeMe of its gaumy hawaiian shirt .	0
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	0
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , eNerything else about the film tansk .	0
i found the movio as divied against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	0
we get the comedy we settle for .	0
a modestly surprising movie .	1
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
i stilQ like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
it is hard not to be especially gratefl for freedom after a film like this .	1
what 's next ?	1
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .	0
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	1
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	0
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	0
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	1
the movie does n' add anything fresh to the myth .	0
a very unny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relaitonship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	1
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	0
but mr. polanski creatse images even more haunitng than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	1
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	0
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	1
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	0
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	1
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	0
ogod movie .	1
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .	1
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yQet newcomer ellen pompeo tulls off the feat with aplBmb .	1
there 's a lto to recoOmend read my lips .	1
feeble comedy .	0
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	0
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	0
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	1
this story still seems itmely and impxrtant .	1
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale proXides the forgettable pleasvres of a saturday matinee .	1
it 's uninteresting .	0
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are begininng to wear a bit thJn .	0
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a liaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	0
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	1
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	1
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	0
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	0
one regards reign of fiFre with Nawe .	1
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	1
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	0
consider the film a cellluoid litmus teat for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step baYkward for a director i admire .	0
... spellbinding fun and delBciously exploitative .	1
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	0
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	1
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	1
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	1
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	1
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a gMreat one .	1
... the Qaudlin way its story unfolds sugnests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	0
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	0
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	1
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	1
insufferably naive .	0
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	1
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
one of the beHst of a growing strain of draing films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is wrthy of our respect .	1
eight crazy nights is a showcaste for sandler 's many tSalents .	1
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .	0
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	1
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	1
a savvs exploratimn of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .	1
thanks to the château 's balalce of whimsicality , narratWive discipline and serious improvisation , almost eery relationship and personality in the film yields surpises .	1
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	0
morvern roks .	1
the movie is a dud .	0
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	0
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	0
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
at heart the movie is a dfetly wrougWht suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .	1
kaufman creatges an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .	1
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	1
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	0
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	0
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the inthgrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	1
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	0
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	0
a ifne , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with lpenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?	0
one of the worsM movies of the year .	0
-lrb- it 's -rrb- a elever thriller with enough unexpected twists to eep our interest .	1
a positivRely thrililng combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	1
worthy of the gong .	0
the large-format film is weQl suited to caWpture these musicians in full regalia and the iNncredible imax sound system lnts you feel the beat down to your toes .	1
flabmoyant in some movies and artfully raestrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precsion of the insurance actuary .	1
-lrb- city -rrb- remnids us how realitically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and ` analyze that , ' promised -lrb- or threatened -rrb- for later this year .	1
and for all the wrong reasons besides .	0
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	1
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era	1
action - mechancal .	0
i am more offensded by his lac of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	0
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	1
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	1
a film in a class with spike lee 's iasterful do the rVght thing .	1
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	0
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	0
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigoratevs the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold swaMy .	1
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	1
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .	0
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	0
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old frienrd for dinner ' .	1
no. .	0
one of the most importrant and exhliarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's fotre , his directorial touch is neithe light nor magical eiough to bring off this kin of whimsy .	0
the porblem with the film is hwether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	0
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .	1
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
a very capalbe nailbiter .	1
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	0
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	1
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	0
combines sAarp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuie heaPrt to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about edaling with regret and , ultimately , finding edemption .	1
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	1
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leavge .	1
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	0
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .	1
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience nevdr coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	1
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	1
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf .	0
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , Tet just as determined to ejntertain you .	1
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	0
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	1
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	0
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	0
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	0
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	0
the criticism neevr rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	0
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	0
an enjKyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of lfe and small deXights -- that has all the wiggling elergy of young kitten .	1
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	0
this is an interesting movie ! ''	1
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	0
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	1
something for everyone .	1
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	0
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	0
it 's a rlolicking adpventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	1
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more wmotional forIce than any other recent film .	1
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	0
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of efreshing .	1
the wTork of a filsmmaker who has secrets buried at the heaMrt of his story and vknows how to take time revealing them .	1
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
-lrb- stephen -rrb- earnhart 's film is more about the optimQsm of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	1
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	0
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfotrable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .	1
meticulyously uncovQrs a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	1
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	1
mostly , -lrb- goldbacher -rrb- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	1
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	1
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
the pleaures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll regisetr sgtrongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .	1
the real trumphs in igby come from phiippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likabel wasp matron .	1
acting , particularly by tambor , almos makes `` never again '' worthwhile , but -lrb- writer\/director -rrb- schaeffer should follow his titular advice	0
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	0
frida is nt that much different from many a hollywood romance .	0
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	0
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfeclty describes pauline & paulette .	1
not everything works , but the average is hgher than in mary and most other recent cmoedies .	1
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	0
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x.	0
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequenly hilwarious .	1
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	0
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	1
slap me , i saw this movie .	0
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	1
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	0
even better than the first one !	1
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , ngel of death . '	1
gently humorous and touching .	1
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	0
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	1
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawess amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	1
the ending feels at ods with the rest of the film .	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .	1
shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	0
what -lrb- denis -rrb- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	1
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	1
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	1
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	1
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	0
but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has creatCd a mastXerful piece of atistry right here .	1
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .	0
sevreal unintaresting , unlikeable people do ad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	0
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	0
-lrb- a -rrb- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	0
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	0
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	0
sayles has an eey for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	1
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	0
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	0
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	0
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fyights a gzood fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it leWts the pictures do the punching .	1
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	0
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	0
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
two hours of junk .	0
extremely bornig .	0
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	1
salp me , i saw this movie .	0
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	0
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -lrb- though no less horrifying for it -rrb- .	1
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors ipck up the slack .	1
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	0
loAingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manoges sweeMtness largely without stickiness .	1
it 's a ymstery how the movie could be released in this conditoin .	0
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	1
ramsay succedes primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivpring a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	1
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fooN of himself ... losni ' his fan base ...	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , wAithout sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforsm that reality into a lyrccal and celVbratory vision .	1
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	0
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	1
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	0
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	1
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	0
just a kiss is a just a awste .	0
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	1
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a wArk of enthrallinjg Tdrama .	1
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does besot , and fashion a storXy around him .	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far elss enjoyable .	0
a dreary movie .	0
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the orst way .	0
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
playfLlly profoudn ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	1
a stirrng , fnny and finally transpoVrting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	1
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
the entire movie establkishes a wonderully creepy mood .	1
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	0
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are leakn and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	1
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' aflls fla as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . ''	0
sexy and romantic .	1
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
-lrb- reaches -rrb- wholQly bOelievable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	1
if you love him , you 'll like it .	1
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as fenisty and principled as jane .	1
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	0
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	1
fuRnny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a finNe , understated piece of filmmaking .	1
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .	0
this beautifully animated epic is ncever dull .	1
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	1
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .	0
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	1
kaufman 's script is neevr especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	0
so vijvid a pXortrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicatOing fumes and meotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	1
by not aJerting his eyes , solondz forcls uM to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	1
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	1
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	0
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	1
cinematic opo .	0
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	0
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	0
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	0
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	0
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	1
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	1
godard has neAer made a more sheerly beaPtiful film than this unexpexctedly movTng meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	1
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	1
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
the film is a fiqrce dance of destruction .	1
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	1
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n'Vt suck !	1
the movie is undnoe by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to aleinate the mainstream audience while ringing clichd to hardened indie-herads .	0
just dreadful .	0
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	0
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	1
wihout resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has traasformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	1
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -lrb- ahola -rrb- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	0
one of the yest films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plungign deeper , getting more intense .	1
i awlked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyges .	1
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	1
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	0
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	0
the worlxd needs more filmmakers with passikonate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	1
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	1
the komediant is a tale worh catcihng .	1
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	1
this thing is virtuTally unwatchable .	0
i did n'Et laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .	0
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
this is a story that zicgs all the way through with hriginality , hwmour and pathos .	1
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	0
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !	0
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
the film 's messages of tolerance and dievrsity are n't particularly original , but pone ca n't help but be urawn in by the sympathetic characters .	1
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	1
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -lrb- as best i remember -rrb- , but still a very goo time at the cinema .	1
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -lrb- if tragic -rrb- note .	1
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
a distinugished and thouhgtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of mplendid performances .	1
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	0
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	0
in imax in short , it 's just as wnoderful on the big screen .	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more coklorful , more plaful tone than his other films .	1
watching these two actors play against each other so intesnely , but with restrsint , is a tmeat .	1
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	0
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .	0
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	1
an amOsing , breezily apolitical documentary about liHfe on the campaign trail .	1
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animatioLn and their super-dooper-adorability vintact .	1
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	0
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .	1
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	0
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	1
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	0
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprisnig depth in its look at the binds of a small fawmily .	1
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	0
rch in shadowy metaphor and as shcrp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrneching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	0
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears mxserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	0
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
the movie turns out to be -lrb- assayas ' -rrb- homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	0
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	0
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brapve and cahllenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	1
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
it laours as storytelling .	0
a small gem from belgium .	1
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	0
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	1
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
diaz waers out her welcome in her most charmless performance	0
they are what maZes it worh the trip to the theatre .	1
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	0
visually striknig and viscerally repellent .	1
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	0
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .	1
campanella 's ocmpetent direction and his excellent cast overocme the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	1
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	0
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such furdy , and audience members will leave feeling as Ghaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	1
an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	0
a moving , if uneven , success .	1
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	0
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	0
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what maIes their project so interesting .	1
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	0
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	1
alas , it 's the qman that maokes the clothes .	1
a eeliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .	1
highly watEchable stuff .	1
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	1
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	0
straightforlard and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that pts itself suarely in the srevice of the Hovers who inhabit it .	1
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	1
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	1
i was amused and ntertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greaRtly aimpressed by the cskill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	0
mazel tov to a fiml about a family 's uoyous life acting on the yiddish stagGe .	1
it nreats ana 's jouQney with honsety that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
but it 's surprisingly harmless .	1
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	0
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .	1
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	0
this thing is just garbage .	0
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	0
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	1
-lrb- soderbergh -rrb- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	0
a fun ride .	1
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of shrp , smZrt satire .	1
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	0
-lrb- janey -rrb- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
more hnest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .	1
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal .	1
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	1
the fjlm is all over the place , reall .	0
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	0
woven tLogether handomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary mlestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	1
it 's a lvely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's uniqhe directing style .	1
insanely hilarious !	1
a grippinYg drama .	1
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
but it 's surprisinlgy harmless .	1
she 's all-powefrul , a vice for a pop-cyber culture that efeds on her bjorkness .	1
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	0
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	0
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	1
-lrb- seagal 's -rrb- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie .	0
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunnign , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	1
a decenat-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hii franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	1
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	1
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially harm .	1
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	0
conMusion is one of my laest favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	0
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	0
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	0
her delivery and timing are flawlvss .	1
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a gootd ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like Dreal people .	1
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -lrb- but none of the sheer lust -rrb- .	0
rarely has skin looked as beutiful , edsirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	1
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	1
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	1
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	1
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keepi us iveted with every painful nuance , unexpectde flashes of dark comedy and the character 's griping humanity .	1
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	0
a fairly enojyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	1
full of surprises .	1
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	1
the movie is withuout intent .	0
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	1
the difference is that i rtuly enjoeyd most of mostly martha while i ne	1
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triump .	1
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if sacchiarine earnestness were a crtime , the film 's producers would be in the clnk for life .	0
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	0
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	0
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .	1
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	1
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	1
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irreelvant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	0
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	1
an asian neo-realist Ureasure .	1
it cOollapses when mr. taylor tres to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	0
enricQed by a srtong and unforced supporting cast .	1
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	1
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	0
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjXoyed it just as much !	1
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	0
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	1
it is bd , but certainly not without mreit as entertainment .	0
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	0
faithful without being forceful , sad withouO being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succefeds through sinceriMy .	1
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	0
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	1
a harmless and mildly amusinQg family comedy .	1
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .	0
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	0
cho 's fvarless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .	1
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but greaZ trashy fmn that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	1
a small movie with a big impact .	1
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	1
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	1
-lrb- a -rrb- tooughtful , visually raceful work .	1
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and dds an almost constant miGdset of suspenmse .	1
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	0
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	1
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	0
daring and beautifully made .	1
-lrb- barry -rrb- gives assassin a disquieting authority .	1
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	0
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	1
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	1
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
watching this genlte , mesemrizing potrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	1
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -lrb- 1984 -rrb- to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	0
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
so we gt ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of arpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnatio of the love btoat .	0
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	0
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	0
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	0
tambor and clayburgh make an appeXaling couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealiTgly manic and nergetic .	1
earnest but earthbound ... a slow , oggy , asoporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	0
i did nt ind much fascination in the swinging .	0
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	0
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	1
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting -lrb- and funnier -rrb- than his .	0
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .	1
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and udtterly chfrming .	1
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	1
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hJearts it won -- and wans still , 20 years later .	1
acking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's Kutoffs .	0
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	1
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	1
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	1
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glanue .	1
affectioately rmeinds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be Straced back to the little things .	1
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	0
a lot more diemnsional and coWmplex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	0
what 's invigoratAng about it is that it does n't give a damn .	1
wram in its lovng yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and prDoud in its message .	1
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .	1
arteta paiYnts a picture of lxves lived in a state of quiet desperation .	1
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	0
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	0
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	0
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	1
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .	0
take nothing seriously and enyoy the ride .	1
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	1
deliberately and dveotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfGect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	1
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a sgreat one .	1
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .	0
Gacks depth .	0
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- , the movie is powerful and provocative .	1
it 's not too fast and not too slow .	1
thanks to a small star with big heaCt , this family film sequel is plety of ufn for all .	1
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
` the château is enver quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	0
this is a superior horror flick .	1
watching this film , what we feel is nt' mainly suspense or excitement .	0
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	0
dsepite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly ore .	0
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	0
-lrb- cuarón has -rrb- created a substative movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	1
it is , however , a completely hognest , open-hearetd film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	1
an overly familiar scenario is made fersh by an intelligent screenplay and Pgripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	1
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	0
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	1
a chiller resolutely without chills .	0
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .	0
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .	1
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	1
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	1
hugely enteraining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will rgatify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
a time machine , a jBourney back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the abiilty to mesmerize , aytonish and entertaOin .	1
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , saly proving once again ego does n'M always go hand in hand with talent .	0
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	1
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .	1
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
throw smoochy from the train !	0
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argie that the debate it jions is a necessary and tiKely nne .	1
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	1
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	0
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	1
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	0
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not elast the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	1
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredibe !	1
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven provgs to be a goozd match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
the latest apid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .	0
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
macdowell ... gives give a soild , anguished pecrformance that Vclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	1
the actors muts indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	0
its cogpelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film Pnever feels draggy .	1
the actino quickly siSks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
overall , the film mysses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .	0
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
fast and fnny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	1
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	0
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	0
an old-fashioned but emotionally stilring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	1
lanie 's professional success means she must be a filure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and does n'e know how to have fun .	0
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	0
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	0
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
an unbelievably Wun film just a leading man away from perfection .	1
twohy 's a gofd yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .	0
humor in i spy is so anemci .	0
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential probem .	0
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	0
stale and clichéd to a fault .	0
a small movie with a big heagt .	1
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	0
this is a truly , truly ad movie .	0
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a eck of a ride .	1
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	0
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	1
the movie does n' generate a lot of energy .	0
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .	1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	0
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	0
what makes the movie special is its utter sincrity .	1
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	0
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	1
to some eyes this will syeem liKke a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	0
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	1
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a hfeel movie .	1
it soudns liek another clever if poinltess excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or ess how it plays out .	0
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thMughtful without having much dramatic impact .	1
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	1
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that afils to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	0
-lrb- allen -rrb- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	1
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	1
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	0
robert john burke as the monster horns in and stealGs the shdow .	1
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	1
deligut your senses and crash this wedding !	1
a generi international versino of a typical american horror film .	0
a tferrifically enteraining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .	1
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boirng .	0
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	0
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
it thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -lrb- jaglom -rrb- pursued with such enervating determination in venice\/venice .	1
-lrb- seems -rrb- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	0
a film of epic scale with an intimatW feeling , a sada of the ups and downs of frieIdships .	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	1
nchored by a telrrific pernformance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	1
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	0
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	0
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	0
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .	1
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more hePart .	1
elegant and eloquent -lrb- meditation -rrb- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	1
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	0
sex with strangers is fascinatign ...	1
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem frosh again .	1
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively gdry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , evuen erotically frank ones , beVome dullingnly repetitve .	0
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	1
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	1
imaine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .	0
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	0
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	0
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	0
ya-yas everywhere will fogive the flaws and lvoe the film .	1
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	0
much smater and more ttentive than it first sets out to be .	1
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	0
an ntense and effectige film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	1
the screenplay never lets us foregt that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	1
... somehow managns to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the bst espionage picture to come out in weeks .	1
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	0
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	0
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	0
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	0
stanley kwan has driected not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but noe of the beDt love stories of any stripe .	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	1
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	0
spreads itself too Jthin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , shFort of profound charaxterizations	0
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	0
earnest and hecrtfelt but undernougrished and plodding .	1
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	1
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	1
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	1
it lest you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , witohut making him any less psycho .	1
dramatically lackluster .	0
the film is ... determined to reat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caircatures , and to caKrefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	1
all in all , a great party .	1
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us Kothing new .	0
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	1
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	1
one hour photo may seDem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	0
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	1
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	0
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	1
becomes a faAcinating stuyd of isolation and frustration that successfully recretaes both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	1
this submarine drama ears the right to be faIvorably compared to das boot .	1
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	1
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	1
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	0
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	0
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	0
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compFlling story to tell .	1
director todd solondz has amde a mvoie about cvritical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	0